---
layout:     post
title:      Reading 2010-2020
subtitle:   
date:       2020-08-13
author:     laosuan
header-img: elastic.png
catalog: true
tags:
    - git


---



# 精读的方法

读文章还是有一点点的方法的，读考试（TOEFL/IELTS/SAT/GRE/GMAT）里的阅读文章更是如此。但请放心，真正有效的方法总是非常简单的。（以下文字相对抽象一点，但，也许这本身就是一篇很好的阅读材料……）

当我们读进来第一句话（标识为 S1)的时候，任务只有一个，"这句话在再说什么？"（What does S1 mean?表示为 M1）其实，有些时候，这并不是一个简单任务。需要两样东西支撑：1)语法知识；2)概念体系。但是，很多人竟然以为只需要单词就够了。

然而，读进来第二句话（S2）的时候，任务就多了一个：不仅要搞清楚 M2，还要搞清楚 M1 和 M2 之间的关系（标识为 R1&2）---- 这是竟然有很多人从来不做的事情。

M1 和 M2 之间的关系，大抵上分为两种：

M1 被 M2 支持。这时，M2 往往可能从三个角度之一（或者三个角度组合使用）去解释 M1----What？（举例、阐述）Why?（因果、比较、分类、目的） How?（方式、手段、步骤）
M1 与 M2 共同支持另外一个句子。这时，M1 与 M2 之间可能的关系分别是：并列、递进、转折。
如果，M1、M2、R1~2 都已知，那么即意味着说真正的 "阅读理解" 就已经全部完成。

然而，在考试中，考生往往遇到的情况是：

M1 未知、M2 已知、R1~2 已知；
M1 已知、M2 未知、R1~2 已知；
M1 已知、M2 已知、R1~2 未知；
这与简单数学没什么两样（就好像 "x+y=z"）---- 一个方程式里面有三个变量，其中两个已知，就很容易推导出第三个变量的值。如果三个变量都是已知的，那也不算是什么考试了。

要知道，设计得严谨科学的阅读理解考试中，是不会出现一个方程式里有三个变量其中却竟然有两个未知的情况的 ---- 那不叫考试，那叫 "刁难"。这也是我为什么总是劝诫考生，轻易不要相信什么 "模拟题" ---- 反正，我研读过的所有非 ETS 官方的题目，大抵上都不严谨、不科学，不管作者和出版机构是多么地权威 ----不信，谁都可以用刚刚说的简单道理去自己做个判断。

同样的道理，段落与段落之间的关系也是如此。不仅要能够概括出第一段的大意（标记为 MP1 ），然后还要再概括出第二段的大意（标记为 MP2），最后还一定要弄清楚二段之间的关系（标记为 RP1~2）---- 这就是更多人坚决不做的事情了 ---- 而后又是解方程式了……

道理都已经清楚了（我有的时候很奇怪我究竟是如何运用这样的简单的认知就成了所谓的老师的？），之后就是平时练习的步骤了。

挣扎着搞清楚每一句话的确切含义。运用一切可以运用的手段 ---- 查词典，查语法书，甚至去查 Google。"自己动手" 比 "花钱让别人替自己干活"（比如，报班上课听讲）在这方面不知道要有效多少倍。
理解每句话之间、每个段落之间的关系。处理段落还有另外一个任务 ---- 概括。
整理词汇。要知道，读完一篇文章之后，自己动手整理词汇，远比背单词书效率高出许多 ---- 可惜，大多数人并不相信。
反复阅读若干遍。读着读着就可能发现很多第一次读并没有注意到的东西。
复述文章。能够书面或者口头复述刚刚读过的文章，实际上需要很多综合能力：记忆力、逻辑能力、转述能力、重新组织能力、再理解能力等等。
养成相隔若干天后复习的习惯。
（其实，无论哪一种考试，拿来真题，如此处理 50 篇左右的文章，就基本上所向披靡了。）

鉴于大多数人学英语只是为了应付考试，所以，以上的文字里，是拿着考试文章作为示范的。事实上，读任何文字都可以这样 "品"，只不过，不同类型的文章，"品" 的要点不同而已。读诗品意境，读散文品心境，读小说品情节，读报纸品现实。为了学而读，还要在读与品之外考虑很多事情，作者为什么这么写，这么写好的话好在哪儿，差的话差在哪儿，要是我去写应该怎么写才能更好 …… 等等等等。

# 2010



## Section 1 Use of English

Directions:

Read the following text. Choose the best word(s)for each numbered blank and mark A,B,C or D on ANSWER SHEET1.(10 points)

The outbreak of swine flu that was first deteccted in Mexico was declared a global epidemic on june 11,2009. It is the first wotldwide cpidemic__1__by the World Health Organization in41years.

1猪流感首先在墨西哥被发 现 ，2009年6月11日它 的爆发 被宣布为 全球性瘟 疫。2这 是世界卫 生组 织 41年来 指出的 第一起世界性瘟疫。The heightened alert __2__an emergency meeting with flu experts in Geneva that assembled after a sharp pise in cases in Australia.and rising __3__in Britain ,japan,Chile and elsewhere.

Bur the epiemic is “__4__”in severity. According to Margaret Chan. The organization’s director general,__5__the overwhelming majorty of patients experiencing only mild symptoms and full recovery. Often in the__6__of any medical treatment.

The ourbreak came to gobal__7__in lafe April2009.when Mexican authorities noted an unusually latge number of hospitalizations and deaths__8__ healthy adults. As much ofMexico City Shut down at the height of a panic,cases began to__9__in New York City.the southwestem United States and atound the world.

In the United States, new cases seemed to fade__10__warmer weather arrived.But in late September 2009,officials reported there was__11__flu activity in almost every state and that virtually all the__12__tested are the new swine flu. Also known as(A)H1N1,not seasonal flu.In the U.S.,It has__13__more than one million people,and caused mone than 600 deaths and more than 6,000 hospitalizations.

Federal health officials ___14___ Tamiflu for children from the national stockpile and began __15__ orders from the atates for the new swine flu vaccine.The new vaccine,which is different from the annual flu vaccine,is__16__ ahead of expectations.More than three million doses were to be made available in early October 2009,though most of those __17__doses were of the FluMist nasal spray type,which is not __18__ for pregnant women,people over 50 or those with breathing difficulties,heart disease or several other__19__.But it was still possible to vaccinate people in other high-risk groups;health care workers,people __20__infants and healthy young people.

1.[A]criticized[B]appointed[C]commented[D]designated

2.[A]proceeded[B]activated[C]followed[D]prompted

3.[A]digits [B]numbers [C]amounts [D]sums

4.[A]Moderatre [B]normal [C]unusual [D]extreme

5.[A]With [B]in [C]from [D]by

6.[A]Progress [B]absence [C]presence [D]favor

7.[A]Reality [B]phenomenon [C]cincept [D]notice

8.[A]Over [B]for [C]among [D]to

9.[A]stay up [B]crop up [C]fill up [D]cover up

10.[A]as [B]if [C]unless [D]until

11.[A]excessive [B]enormous [C]significant [D]magnificent

12.[A]categories [B]examples [C]patterns [D]samples

13.[A]imparted [B]immersed [C]injected [D]infected

14.[A]released [B]relayed [C]relieved[D]remained

15.[A]placing [B]delivering [C]taking [D]giving

16.[A]feasible [B]available [C]reliable [D]applicable

17.[A]prevalent [B]principal [C]innovative [D]initial

18.[A]presented [B]restricted [C]recommended [D]introduced

19.[A]problems [B]issues [C]agonies [D]sufferings

20.[A]involved in [B]caring for [C]concerned with[D]warding off



---



## Text1

The longest bull run in a century of art-market history ended on a dramatic note with a sale of 56 works by Damien Hirst, “Beautiful Inside My Head Forever”, at Sotheby’s in London on September 15th 2008 (see picture). All but two pieces sold, fetching more than ￡70m, a record for a sale by a single artist. It was a last hurrah. As the auctioneer called out bids, in New York one of the oldest banks on Wall Street, Lehman Brothers, filed for bankruptcy.

The world art market had already been losing momentum for a while after rising vertiginously since 2003. At its peak in 2007 it was worth some $65 billion, reckons Clare McAndrew, founder of Arts Economics, a research firm-double the figure five years earlier. Since then it may have come down to $50 billion. But the market generates interest far beyond its size because it brings together great wealth, enormous egos, greed, passion and controversy in a way matched by few other industries.

In the weeks and months that followed Mr Hirst’s sale, spending of any sort became deeply unfashionable, especially in New York, where the bail-out of the banks coincided with the loss of thousands of jobs and the financial demise of many art-buying investors. In the art world that meant collectors stayed away from galleries and salerooms. Sales of contemporary art fell by two-thirds, and in the most overheated sector-for Chinese contemporary art-they were down by nearly 90% in the year to November 2008. Within weeks the world’s two biggest auction houses, Sotheby’s and Christie’s, had to pay out nearly $200m in guarantees to clients who had placed works for sale with them.

The current downturn in the art market is the worst since the Japanese stopped buying Impressionists at the end of 1989, a move that started the most serious contraction in the market since the second world war. This time experts reckon that prices are about 40% down on their peak on average, though some have been far more volatile. But Edward Dolman, Christie’s chief executive, says: “I’m pretty confident we’re at the bottom.”

What makes this slump different from the last, he says, is that there are still buyers in the market, whereas in the early 1990s, when interest rates were high, there was no demand even though many collectors wanted to sell. Christie’s revenues in the first half of 2009 were still higher than in the first half of 2006. Almost everyone who was interviewed for this special report said that the biggest problem at the moment is not a lack of demand but a lack of good work to sell. The three Ds-death, debt and divorce-still deliver works of art to the market. But anyone who does not have to sell is keeping away, waiting for confidence to return.

21.In the first paragraph,Damien Hirst's sale was referred to as “a last victory”because ____.

A.the art market hadwitnessed a succession of victoryies

B.the auctioneer finally got the two pieces at the highest bids

C.Beautiful Inside My Head Forever won over all masterpieces

D.it was successfully made just before the world financial crisis

22.By saying “spending of any sort became deeply unfashionable”(Line 1-2,Para.3),the author suggests that_____ .

A . collectors were no longer actively involved in art-market auctions

B .people stopped every kind of spending and stayed away from galleries

C.art collection as a fashion had lost its appeal to a great extent

D .works of art in general had gone out of fashion so they were not worth buying

23.Which of the following statements is NOT ture?

A .Sales of contemporary art fell dramatically from 2007to 2008.

B.The art market surpassed many other industries in momentum.

C.The market generally went downward in various ways.

D.Some art dealers were awaiting better chances to come.

24.The three Ds mentioned in the last paragraph are ____

A.auction houses ' favorites

B.contemporary trends

C.factors promoting artwork circulation

D.styles representing impressionists

25.The most appropriate title for this text could be ___

A.Fluctuation of Art Prices

B.Up-to-date Art Auctions

C.Art Market in Decline

D.Shifted Interest in Arts



---

Section Ⅱ Reading comprehension

Part A

Directions:

Read the following four passages. Answer the questions below each passage by choosing A, B, C and D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

## Text 2

I was addressing a small gathering in a suburban Virginia living room -- a women's group that had invited men to join them. Throughout the evening one man had been particularly talkative frequently offering ideas and anecdotes while his wife sat silently beside him on the couch. Toward the end of the evening I commented that women frequently complain that their husbands don't talk to them. This man quickly concurred. He gestured toward his wife and said "She's the talker in our family." The room burst into laughter; the man looked puzzled and hurt. "It's true" he explained. "When I come home from work I have nothing to say. If she didn't keep the conversation going we'd spend the whole evening in silence."

This episode crystallizes the irony that although American men tend to talk more than women in public situations they often talk less at home. And this pattern is wreaking havoc with marriage.

The pattern was observed by political scientist Andrew Hacker in the late '70s. Sociologist Catherine Kohler Riessman reports in her new book "Divorce Talk" that most of the women she interviewed -- but only a few of the men -- gave lack of communication as the reason for their divorces. Given the current divorce rate of nearly 50 percent that amounts to millions of cases in the United States every year -- a virtual epidemic of failed conversation.

In my own research complaints from women about their husbands most often focused not on tangible inequities such as having given up the chance for a career to accompany a husband to his or doing far more than their share of daily life-support work like cleaning cooking social arrangements and errands. Instead they focused on communication: "He doesn't listen to me" "He doesn't talk to me." I found as Hacker observed years before that most wives want their husbands to be first and foremost conversational partners but few husbands share this expectation of their wives.

In short the image that best represents the current crisis is the stereotypical cartoon scene of a man sitting at the breakfast table with a newspaper held up in front of his face while a woman glares at the back of it wanting to talk.

26.What is most wives' main expectation of their husbands?

A.Talking to them.

B.Trusting them.

C.Supporting their careers.

D. Shsring housework.

27.Judging from the context ,the phrase “wreaking havoc”(Line 3,Para.2)most probably means ___ .

A generating motivation.

B.exerting influence

C.causing damage

Dcreating pressure

28.All of the following are true EXCEPT_______

A.men tend to talk more in public tan women

B.nearly 50percent of recent divorces are caused by failed conversation

C.women attach much importance to communication between couples

Da female tends to be more talkative at home than her spouse

29.Which of the following can best summarize the mian idea of this text ?

A.The moral decaying deserves more research by sociologists .

B.Marriage break_up stems from sex inequalities.

C.Husband and wofe have different expectations from their marriage.

D.Conversational patterns between man and wife are different.

30.In the following part immediately after this text,the author will most probably focus on ______

A.a vivid account of the new book Divorce Talk

B.a detailed description of the stereotypical cartoon

C.other possible reasons for a high divorce rate in the U.S.

D a brief introduction to the political scientist Andrew Hacker



---

## Txet 3

over the past decade, many companies had perfected the art of creating automatic behaviors - habits - among consumers. These habits have helped companies earn billions of dollars when customers eat snacks, apply lotions and wipe counters almost without thinking, often in response to a carefully designed set of daily cues.

“There are fundamental public health problems, like hand washing with soap, that remain killers only because we can’t figure out how to change people’s habits,” Dr. Curtis said. “We wanted to learn from private industry how to create new behaviors that happen automatically.”

The companies that Dr. Curtis turned to - Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever - had invested hundreds of millions of dollars finding the subtle cues in consumers’ lives that corporations could use to introduce new routines.

If you look hard enough, you’ll find that many of the products we use every day - chewing gums, skin moisturizers, disinfecting wipes, air fresheners, water purifiers, health snacks, antiperspirants, colognes, teeth whiteners, fabric softeners, vitamins - are results of manufactured habits. A century ago, few people regularly brushed their teeth multiple times a day. Today, because of canny advertising and public health campaigns, many Americans habitually give their pearly whites a cavity-preventing scrub twice a day, often with Colgate, Crest or one of the other brands.

A few decades ago, many people didn’t drink water outside of a meal. Then beverage companies started bottling the production of far-off springs,and now office workers unthinkingly sip bottled water all day long. Chewing gum, once bought primarily by adolescent boys, is now featured in commercials as a breath freshener and teeth cleanser for use after a meal. Skin moisturizers are advertised as part of morning beauty rituals,slipped in between hair brushing and putting on makeup.

“Our products succeed when they become part of daily or weekly patterns,” said Carol Berning, a consumer psychologist who recently retired from Procter & Gamble, the company that sold $76 billion of Tide, Crest and other products last year. “Creating positive habits is a huge part of improving our consumers’ lives, and it’s essential to making new products commercially viable.”

Through experiments and observation, social scientists like Dr. Berning have learned that there is power in tying certain behaviors to habitual cues through relentless advertising. As this new science of habit has emerged, controversies have erupted when the tactics have been used to sell questionable beauty creams or unhealthy foods.

31.According to Dr.Curtis,habits like hand washing with soap________.

[A] should be further cultivated

[B] should be changed gradually

[C] are deepiy rooted in history

[D] are basically private concerns

32.Bottled water,chewing gun and skin moisturizers are mentioned in Paragraph 5 so as to____

[A] reveal their impact on people’habits

[B] show the urgent need of daily necessities

[C]indicate their effect on people’buying power

[D]manifest the significant role of good habits

33.which of the following does NOT belong to products that help create people’s habits?

[A]Tide

[B]Crest

[C]Colgate

[D]Unilver

34.From the text wekonw that some of consumer’s habits are developed due to _____

[A]perfected art of products

[B]automatic behavior creation

[C]commercial promotions

[D]scientific experiments

35.the author’sattitude toward the influence of advertisement on people’s habits is____

[A]indifferent

[B]negative

[C]positive

[D]biased



---



## Text 4

Many Americans regard the jury system as a concrete expression of crucial democratic values, including the principles that all citizens who meet minimal qualifications of age and literacy are equally competent to serve on juries; that jurors should be selected randomly from a representative cross section of the community; that no citizen should be denied the right to serve on a jury on account of race, religion, sex, or national origin; that defendants are entitled to trial by their peers; and that verdicts should represent the conscience of the community and not just the letter of the law. The jury is also said to be the best surviving example of direct rather than representative democracy. In a direct democracy, citizens take turns governing themselves, rather than electing representatives to govern for them.

But as recently as in 1986, jury selection procedures conflicted with these democratic ideals. In some states, for example, jury duty was limited to persons of supposedly superior intelligence, education, and moral character. Although the Supreme Court of the United States had prohibited intentional racial discrimination in jury selection as early as the 1880 case of strauder v. West Virginia,the practice of selecting so-called elite or blue-ribbon juries provided a convenient way around this and other antidiscrimination laws.

The system also failed to regularly include women on juries until the mid-20th century. Although women first served on state juries in Utah in 1898,it was not until the 1940s that a majority of states made women eligible for jury duty. Even then several states automatically exempted women from jury duty unless they personlly asked to have their names included on the jury list. This practice was justified by the claim that women were needed at home, and it kept juries unrepresentative of women through the 1960s.

In 1968, the Congress of the United States passed the Jury Selection and Service Act, ushering in a new era of democratic reforms for the jury.This law abolished special educational requirements for federal jurors and required them to be selected at random from a cross section of the entire community. In the landmark 1975 decision Taylor v. Louisiana, the Supreme Court extended the requirement that juries be representative of all parts of the community to the state level. The Taylor decision also declared sex discrimination in jury selection to be unconstitutional and ordered states to use the same procedures for selecting male and female jurors.

36.From the principles of theUS jury system,welearn that ______

[A]both litcrate and illiterate people can serve on juries

[B]defendants are immune from trial by their peers

[C]no age limit should be imposed for jury service

[D]judgment should consider the opinion of the public

37.The practice of selecting so-called elite jurors prior to 1968 showed_____

[A]the inadcquavy of antidiscrimination laws

[B]the prevalent discrimination against certain races

[C]the conflicting ideals in jury selection procedures

38.Even in the 1960s,women were seldom on the jury list in some states because_____

[A]they were automatically banned by state laws

[B]they fell far short of the required qualifications

[C]they were supposed to perform domestic duties

[D]they tended to evade public engagement

39.After the Jury Selection and Service Act was passed.___

[A]sex discrimination in jury selection was unconstitutional and had to be abolished

[B]educational requirements became less rigid in the selection of federal jurors

[C]jurors at the state level ought to be representative of the entire community

[D]states ought to conform to the federal court in reforming the jury system

40.in discussing the US jury system,the text centers on_______

[A]its nature and problems

[B]its characteristics and tradition

[C]its problems and their solutions

[D]its tradition and development



## 46.Directions:

In this section there is a text in English .Translate it into Chinese. Write your translation on ANSWER SHEET2.(15points)

“Suatainability” has become apopular word these days, but to Ted Ning, the concept will always have personal meaning. Having endured apainful period of unsustainability in his own life made itclear to him that sustainability-oriented values must be expressed though everyday action and choice.

Ning recalls spending aconfusing year in the late 1990s selling insurance. He’d been though the dot-com boom and burst and,desperate for ajob,signed on with a Boulder agency.

It didin’t go well. “It was a really had move because that’s not my passion,” says Ning, whose dilemma about the job translated, predictably, into a lack of sales. “I was miserable, I had so much anxiety that I would wake up in the middle of the night and stare at the ceiling. I had no money and needed the job. Everyone said, ‘Just wait, you’ll trun the corner, give it some time.’”

---

# 2011

## Section 1 Use of English

The Internet affords anonymity to its users, a blessing to privacy and freedom of speech. But that very anonymity is also behind the explosion of cyber-crime that has __1__ across the Web.
<details><summary>翻译</summary>
1互联网可以让用户匿名登录，这对于保护隐私与言论自由是件好事。2但正是这种匿名上网的方式导致了网络犯罪急剧增加，并使之席卷了整个互联网世界。
</details>


Can privacy be preserved __2__ bringing safety and security to a world that seems increasingly __3__?

个世界似乎越来越无法无天，在给这样的世界带来安全保障的同时，隐私是否能得到保护呢?

Last month, Howard Schmidt, the nation’s cyber-czar, offered the federal government a __4__ to make the Web a safer place----a “voluntary trusted identity” system that would be the high-tech __5__ of a physical key, a fingerprint and a photo ID card, all rolled __6__ one. The system might use a smart identity card, or a digital credential __7__ to a specific computer, and would authenticate users at a range of online services.

上个月，全国的互联网沙皇(网络大王)HowardSchmidt给联邦政府提交了一份提案,建议加强网络安全。内容是建立“自愿身份认证”系统，这种高科技技术等同于把有形的钥匙、指纹与带照片的身份证三者融合为一体。2该系统或许采用智能身份卡，也或许会采用与某一具体电脑相连接的数字证件，从而在一系列的在线服务中，证明用户的真实身份。

The idea is to __8__ a federation of private online identity systems. User could __9__ which system to join, and only registered users whose identities have been authenticated could navigate those systems. The approach contrasts with one that would require an Internet driver’s license __10__ by the government.

1该观点的目的是打造一个个人在线身份系统联盟，2用户可以选择加入哪个具体系统，只有身份被核实的注册用户才能操作所有这些系统。3该方式完全不同于要求网络用户具有政府颁发的许可证(这一方式)。

Google and Microsoft are among companies that already have these “single sign-on” systems that make it possible for users to __11__ just once but use many different services.

__12__, the approach would create a “walled garden” in cyberspace, with safe “neighborhoods” and bright “streetlights” to establish a sense of a __13__ community.

事实上，这一方式将在互联网打造出一个“带围墙的花园”，它有着可靠的“邻居”以及明亮的“路灯”，形成了彼此有信任感的社区。

Mr. Schmidt described it as a “voluntary ecosystem” in which “individuals and organizations can complete online transactions with __14__, trusting the identities of each other and the identities of the infrastructure __15__ which the transaction runs”.

Still, the administration’s plan has __16__ privacy rights activists. Some applaud the approach; others are concerned. It seems clear that such a scheme is an initiative push toward what would __17__ be a compulsory Internet “driver’s license” mentality.

1尽管如此，在保护隐私权的激进分子中间，当局的该计划还是引起了分歧。2一些人为之鼓掌叫好，还有些人则为之
担忧。3(不管怎样)很明显，这一计划已经朝着量丝的在互联网强制实施“驾照”的想法迈出了第一步。

The plan has also been greeted with __18__ by some computer security experts, who worry that the “voluntary ecosystem” envisioned by Mr. Schmidt would still leave much of the Internet __19__. They argue that all Internet users should be __20__ to register and identify themselves, in the same way that drivers must be licensed to drive on public roads.

1该计划也受到一些电脑安全专家的怀疑，他们担心Schmidt先生构想出的“自愿生态系统”仍然会让互联网在很大程度上受到攻击。2他们主张所有的互联网用户都必须被强行要求登记身份并加以确认，就像司机必须得到驾照才能上路开车一样。

---

## Text 1

Ruth Simmons joined Goldman Sachs’s board as an outside director in January, 2000; a year later she became president of Brown University. For the rest of the decade she apparently managed both roles without attracting much criticism. But by the end of 2009, Ms. Simmons was under fire for having sat on Goldman’s compensation committee; how could she have let those enormous bonus payouts pass unremarked? By February the next year Ms. Simmons had left the board. The position was just taking up too much time, she said.

1RuthSimmons于2000年1月加入GoldmanSachs公司董事会，成为一名外部董事。一年后她成为布朗大学的校长。2此后近10年时间里，她很明显扮演着两个角色，但并未引起多少责难。3但是在2009年年底，Simmons女士却由于担任Goldman公司薪酬委员会委员受到抨击;她怎么能让那些巨额的奖金支出毫无察觉地就通过了呢?4到第二年的2月份，Simmons便离开Goldman公司董事会5她说，该职位占用了她太多的时间。

Outside directors are supposed to serve as helpful, yet less biased, advisers on a firm’s board. Having made their wealth and their reputations elsewhere, they presumably have enough independence to disagree with the chief executive’s proposals. If the sky, and the share price is falling, outside directors should be able to give advice based on having weathered their own crises.

1外部董事在企业董事会中应扮演有益而又相对公正的(较少偏见的)顾问角色。2由于他们在别处已创造了自己的财富和声畨，所以他们很可能有足够的独立性以否定总裁的建议。3如果公司经营状况不佳，股价下跌，外部董事应该根据自己以往应对危机的经验提出建议。

The researchers from Ohio University used a database that covered more than 10,000 firms and more than 64,000 different directors between 1989 and 2004. Then they simply checked which directors stayed from one proxy statement to the next. The most likely reason for departing a board was age, so the researchers concentrated on those “surprise” disappearances by directorsunder the age of 70. They found that after a surprise departure, the probability that the company will subsequently have to restate earnings increased by nearly 20%. The likelihood of being named in a federal class-action lawsuit also increases, and the stock is likely to perform worse. The effect tended to be larger for larger firms. Although a correlation between them leaving and subsequent bad performance at the firm is suggestive, it does not mean that such directors are always jumping off a sinking ship. Often they “trade up,” leaving riskier, smaller firms for larger and more stable firms.

1俄亥俄大学的研究者们利用一个数据库(对外部董事)进行了研究，该数据库囊括了1989年至2004年间的10,000多家公司和64,000多位不同的董事。2后来，他们又专门核查了哪些外部董事连任了两届(持续拿到两份委托协议)。3离开董事会最可能的原因是年龄，所以研究者们关注的焦点是那些不到70岁却很“离奇”消失的外部董事们。4他们发现在外部董事意外离职后，其所在公司随后不得不重申盈利状况的可能性上升了近20%。5在联邦法院所受理的集体起诉案件中被涉及的可能性也会增加，并且公司在股市的表现也会更糟。6大公司受到的影响往往会更大。7尽管外部董事的离职与随后企业的糟糕表现两者间的相互关系让人难免揣测，但这并不意味着外部董事们总是

But the researchers believe that outside directors have an easier time of avoiding a blow to their reputations if they leave a firm before bad news breaks, even if a review of history shows they were on the board at the time any wrongdoing occurred. Firms who want to keep their outside directors through tough times may have to create incentives. Otherwise outside directors will follow the example of Ms. Simmons, once again very popular on campus.

1但是研究人员相信，如果外部董事在坏消息传出前就离开公司，他们会更轻易地避免声誉受损—即使历史记录显示，在该问题出现时，外部董事仍在董事会。2那些想在艰难时期挽留住外部董事的公司一定要采取激励措施。3否则外部董事们就会步Simmons女士的后尘(离职去大学)，再一次在校园受到欢迎。

---

## Text 2

Whatever happened to the death of newspaper? A year ago the end seemed near. The recession threatened to remove the advertising and readers that had not already fled to the Internet. Newspapers like the San Francisco Chronicle were chronicling their own doom. America’s Federal Trade commission launched a round of talks about how to save newspapers. Should they become charitable corporations? Should the state subsidize them? It will hold another meeting soon. But the discussions now seem out of date.

1针对报业的衰亡究竟发生了些什么?2一年前，末日似乎近在咫尺。3经济衰退危及相关广告的生存，并可能使其失去那些尚未“逃向”互联网的读者们。4诸如《旧金山纪事》这样的报纸都在记录着自己的厄运。5美国联邦贸易委员会曾发起一轮如何拯救报纸的讨论。6他们应该变成公益机构吗?7国家是否应该补贴这些报纸?8近期该委5会还将召开一次会议。9但是现在这些讨论似乎已经不合时宜了。

In much of the world there is little sign of crisis. German and Brazilian papers have shrugged off the recession. Even American newspapers, which inhabit the most troubled corner of the global industry, have not only survived but often returned to profit. Not the 20% profit margins that were routine a few years ago, but profit all the same.

1在世界大多数地区，几乎已经没有危机的迹象。2德国和巴西的报业已经摆脱了衰退。3甚至身处全球报业问题最深渊的美国，也不仅生存了下来，而且还恢复了盈利。4尽管不是前些年惯例20%收益，但毕竟是盈利。

It has not been much fun. Many papers stayed afloat by pushing journalists overboard. The American Society of News Editors reckons that 13,500 newsroom jobs have gone since 2007. Readers are paying more for slimmer products. Some papers even had the nerve to refuse delivery to distant suburbs. Yet these desperate measures have proved the right ones and, sadly for many journalists, they can be pushed further.

1不过当前的情况也不可过于乐观.2许多报纸通过裁员来维持运营。3美国新闻编辑协会估计自2007年以来有13500个编辑(部)岗位被裁减。4报纸内容缩水，但读者却要付费更多。5一些报纸甚至斗胆拒绝向远郊用户投递。6然而事实证明这些孤注一掷的手段是正确的，而对于许多记者来说悲惨的是，他们可能会被继续裁减。

Newspapers are becoming more balanced businesses, with a healthier mix of revenues from readers and advertisers. American papers have long been highly unusual in their reliance on ads. Fully 87% of their revenues came from advertising in 2008, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development (OECD). In Japan the proportion is 35%. Not surprisingly, Japanese newspapers are much more stable.

1鉴于来自读者和广告商的收入比日趋合理，报纸正在成为更具平衡性的行业。2长期以来美国报业对广告的过度依赖，都是极不正常的。3根据经济合作与发展组织的数据，报业在2008年高达87%的收入来自广告。4而在日本这个比例只有35%。5难怪，日本的报业更具稳定性。

The whirlwind that swept through newsrooms harmed everybody, but much of the damage has been concentrated in areas where newspapers are least distinctive. Car and film reviewers have gone. So have science and general business reporters. Foreign bureaus have been savagely cut off. Newspapers are less complete as a result. But completeness is no longer a virtue in the newspaper business.

1席卷报业机构的旋风给每一个人都带来了伤害，但是该伤害在很大程度上都集中在毫无报业特色的领域。2汽车和电影评论栏目已不复存在。3科学和大众商业报道栏目也难苋踪影。4驻外机构业已被无情地裁撤。5结果是报纸不再像以往那样完整。6但是完整已不再是报业的一个优点。

---

## Text 3

We tend to think of the decades immediately following World War II as a time of prosperity and growth, with soldiers returning home by the millions, going off to college on the G. I. Bill and lining up at the marriage bureaus.

我们往往把第二次世界大战后的数十年视作繁荣和发展的时代，数以百万计的士兵回到家乡，靠政府助学金(《退伍军人权利法案》)读大学，或在婚姻登记处排队办理结婚手续。

But when it came to their houses, it was a time of common sense and a belief that less could truly be more. During the Depression and the war, Americans had learned to live with less, and that restraint, in combination with the postwar confidence in the future, made small, efficient housing positively stylish.

1但说到他们的房子问题，在那个时代人们的共识和信仰是:少实际就是多。2在大萧条和战争期间，美国人学会了节衣缩食，这种克制连同战后对未来的信心，使得小而高效的房子成为绝对的时髦。

Economic condition was only a stimulus for the trend toward efficient living. The phrase “less is more” was actually first popularized by a German, the architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, who like other people associated with the Bauhaus, a school of design, emigrated to the United States before World War II and took up posts at American architecture schools. These designers came to exert enormous influence on the course of American architecture, but none more so than Mies.

1经济状况只是推动高效生活方式这一潮流的一个方面。2“少即是多”这句话实际是由一个LudwigMiesvanderRohe的德国建筑师首先推广开的，像其他与Bauhaus设计学院有关的设计师一样，他于第二次世界大战前移民美国，并曾在美国多个建筑学院任职。3这些设计师对于美国建筑学的发展进程产生了巨大影响，但影响最大的当属Mies。

Mies’s signature phrase means that less decoration, properly organized, has more impact than a lot. Elegance, he believed, did not derive from abundance. Like other modern architects, he employed metal, glass and laminated wood-materials that we take for granted today but that in the 1940s symbolized the future. Mies’s sophisticated presentation masked the fact that the spaces hedesigned were small and efficient, rather than big and often empty.

1Mies的信条是如果布局恰当，装饰的减少反而会更具效果。2他认为，优雅并非源自于数置。3像其他现代建筑师一样，他会使用金属、玻璃和胶合板，这些材料在今天看来是理所当然的选择，但在20世纪40年代却象征着未来。4Mies的精心布局掩盖了一个事实:他所设计的房屋空间是小而高效的，并非大且空旷的。

The apartments in the elegant towers Mies built on Chicago’s Lake Shore Drive, for example, were smaller----two-bedroom units under 1,000 square feet----than those in their older neighbors along the city’s Gold Coast. But they were popular because of their airy glass walls, the views they afforded and the elegance of the buildings’ details and proportions, the architectural equivalent of the abstract art so popular at the time.

1例如，Mies在芝加哥湖岸大道设计建造的那些优雅高楼中的公寓只有两间卧室，面积不到1000平方英尺，比附近那些位于该城市黄金海岸沿线的老建筑都小。2但它们却很抢手，这是因为它们有轻薄的玻璃墙、美丽的景观以及高雅的建筑细节和比例，而这些建筑特点完全等同于当时极受欢迎的抽象艺术。

The trend toward “less” was not entirely foreign. In the 1930s Frank Lloyd Wright started building more modest and efficient houses---usually around 1,200 square feet---than the spreading two-story ones he had designed in the 1890s and the early 20th century.

The “Case Study Houses” commissioned from talented modern architects by California Arts & Architecture magazine between 1945 and 1962 were yet another homegrown influence on the “less is more” trend. Aesthetic effect came from the landscape, new materials and forthright detailing. In his Case Study House, Ralph Rapson may have mispredicted just how mechanical revolution would impact everyday life – few American families acquired helicopters, though most eventually got clothes dryers – but his belief that self-sufficiency was both desirable and inevitable was widely shared.

1《加州艺术与建筑》杂志社在1945到1962年间委托一些才华横溢的现代建筑师们设计了CaseStudyHouses，这是本土设计对“少即是多”趋势的又一个影响。2审美效果源自自然景色、新材料的使用以及明了的细节设计。3在RalphRapson所设计的CaseStudyHouse里，他可能对机械革命给人们曰常生活带来的影响做了错误的预估(因为尽管多数人最终都拥有了烘干机，但拥有直升飞机的家庭却没几个)，但他认为自给自足不仅是理想的而且是在所难免的，这一理念却得到广泛的认同。

---

## Text 4

Will the European Union make it? The question would have sounded strange not long ago. Now even the project’s greatest cheerleaders talk of a continent facing a “Bermuda triangle” of debt, population decline and lower growth.

1欧盟会成功吗?2若在不久之前提出此问题，会让人很奇怪。3但现在即使是该工程(欧盟计划)最有力的支持者们也都在谈论整个大陆所面临的“百慕大三角”一•债务、人口下降以及增长的减缓。

As well as those chronic problems, the EU faces an acute crisis in its economic core, the 16 countries that use the single currency. Markets have lost faith that the euro zone’s economies, weaker or stronger, will one day converge thanks to the discipline of sharing a single currency, which denies uncompetitive members the quick fix of devaluation.

1除了上述长期性问题，欧盟还在其核心经济体，即使用统一货币的那16个国家，面临着一个严重的危机。2欧元区的经济体，无论强弱，都会由于共用一种单一货币的约束—这让缺乏竞争力的成员国无法采取货币贬值这一应急措施—而走向联合，对此观点，市场已然丧失信心。

Yet the debate about how to save Europe’s single currency from disintegration is stuck. It is stuck because the euro zone’s dominant powers, France and Germany, agree on the need for greater harmonization within the euro zone, but disagree about what to harmonies.

1然而，有关如何保护欧盟统一货币免遭崩溃的讨论陷入了偃局。2之所以陷入倀局，是由于作为欧元区主导国家的法国和德国虽然都承认有必要在欧元区进行更多协调，但在协调内容上却有分歧。

Germany thinks the euro must be saved by stricter rules on borrowing, spending and competitiveness, backed by quasi-automatic sanctions for governments that do not obey. These might include threats to freeze EU funds for poorer regions and EU mega-projects and even the suspension of a country’s voting rights in EU ministerial councils. It insists that economic co-ordination should involve all 27 members of the EU club, among whom there is a small majority for free-market liberalism and economic rigour; in the inner core alone, Germany fears, a small majority favour French interference.

1德国认为必须通过对借贷、开支和争实行更严格的规范才能拯救欧元，并且要通过对那些不守规矩的政府进行半自动制裁来强化这些规范的效力。2制裁或许包括威胁冻结欧盟对贫困地区提供的以及欧盟大型项目的资金，甚至暂停一个国家在欧盟部长会议上的投票权。3德国认为经济协调应包括欧盟俱乐部的全体27个成员;在这些成员中，认同自由市场主义和经济严酷性的占微弱多数。而单就核心成员来讲，德国担心赞同法国干预的会占微弱多数

A “southern” camp headed by French wants something different: “European economic government” within an inner core of euro-zone members. Translated, that means politicians intervening in monetary policy and a system of redistribution from richer to poorer members, via cheaper borrowing for governments through common Eurobonds or complete fiscal transfers. Finally, figures close to the France government have murmured, euro-zone members should agree to some fiscal and social harmonization: e.g., curbing competition in corporate-tax rates or labour costs.

1由法国领导的“南部”阵营有着不同的打算:在欧元区成员国这一内部核心成立一个“欧洲经济政府”。2换句话说，就是政治家可对货币政策以及富国到穷国的再分配体制进行干预，其方式是通过共同的欧元债券或完全的财政转移对成员国政府提供低息借贷。3最终，那些接近法国政府的人士私下抱怨说，欧元区成员国应该就财政和社会的协调达成共识，例如，抑制公司税率或劳动力成本两方面的竞争。

It is too soon to write off the EU. It remains the world’s largest trading block. At its best, the European project is remarkably liberal: built around a single market of 27 rich and poor countries, its internal borders are far more open to goods, capital and labour than any comparable trading area. It is an ambitious attempt to blunt the sharpest edges of globalization, and make capitalism benign.

1认为欧盟已破产还为时过早。2它仍是世界最大的贸易区。3从其好的方面来讲，欧盟工程相当自由:由于建立的基
础是27个贫富不一的国家所组成的统一市场，其内部边界对商品、资本以及劳动力的流通比任何其他类似贸易区都更加开放。4欧盟一体化工程是一次宏大的尝试，其目的是缓和全球化的冲击，让资本主义更温和有利。

---

## Part B

Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by finding information from the right column that corresponds to each of the marked details given in the left column. There are two extra choices in the right column. Mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

Leading doctors today weigh in on the debate over the government’s role in promoting public health by demanding that ministers impose “fat faxes” on unhealthy food and introduce cigarette-style warnings to children about the dangers of a poor diet.

一些极有影响力的医生现在也加入到了有关政府在促进公众健康方面应扮演角色的辩论中，他们要求政府部长们对不健康食品征收“脂肪税”，并借用警告烟草的方式来警告孩子们不良饮食的种种危险。

The demands follow comments made last week by the health secretary, Andrew Lansley, who insisted the government could not force people to make healthy choices and promised to free businesses from public health regulations.

这些要求是在卫生部长AndrewLansley上周发表评论之后提出的，AndrewLansley认为政府不能强迫人们做出健康上的选择，并承诺不会让企业受到公共卫生规定的约束。

But senior medical figures want to stop fast-food outlets opening near schools, restrict advertising of products high in fat, salt or sugar, and limit sponsorship of sports events by fast-food producers such as McDonald’s.

但是，资深医学专家想阻止快餐店在学校附近开业，限制高脂肪、高盐分和高含糖量产品的广告宣传，他们还想限制像麦当劳这样的快餐生产商对体育项目的赞助。

They argue that government action is necessary to curb Britain’s addiction to unhealthy food and help halt spiraling rates to obesity, diabetes and heart disease. Professor Terence Stephenson, President of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health，said that the consumption of unhealthy food should be seen to be just as damaging as smoking or excessive drinking.

1他们认为政府有必要采取行动以抵制英国人对不健康食品的嗜好，并帮助终结肥胖症、糖尿病和心脏病发病率的剧增。2皇家儿科与儿童健康学院院长TerenceStephenson教授说:不健康食品的食用应该被视作是与吸烟或酗酒同样具有危害的行为。

“Thirty years ago, it would have been inconceivable to have imagined a ban on smoking in the work-place or in pubs, and yet that is what we have now. Are we willing to be just as courageous in respect of obesity? 1 would suggest that we should be,” said the leader of the UK’s children’s doctors.

1英国儿科医生负责人说:“三十年前，人们很难想象在工作场所或酒吧禁止吸烟，但是现在已成现实。2在肥胖问题上我们能做到同样果敢吗?3我认为我们应该有同样的勇气。”

Lansley has alarmed health campaigners by suggesting he wants industry rather than government to take the lead. He said that manufacturers of crisps and candies could play a central role in the Change4Life campaign, the centrepiece of government efforts to boost healthy eating and fitness. He has also criticised the celebrity chef Jamie Oliver’s high-profile attempt to improve school lunches in England as an example of how “lecturing” people was not the best way to change their behaviour.

1Lansley表示他想让企业而不是政府率先行动，这让健康运动推行者感到很不安。2他说薯片和糖果生产商们能在“为生命而改变”的运动中起到核心作用，而该运动是政府努力推动饮食与健康的中心内容。3他还批评了名厨JamieOliver的高调行为(Oliver试图改善英国学校午餐质量)，并把后者的努力视作是一个案例，以证明对人们“说教”并非是改变人们行为的最好方式。

Stephenson suggested potential restrictions could include banning TV advertisements for foods high in fat, salt or sugar before 9 pm and limiting them on billboards or in cinemas. “If we were really bold, we might even begin to think of high-calorie fast food in the same way as cigarettes-by setting strict limits on advertising, product placement and sponsorship of sports events,” he said.

1Stephenson表示可能的潜在限制包括以下内容:晚九点前禁止播放高脂肪、高盐分和高糖量食品的电视广告并限制该类食品上广告牌或进电影院。2他说:“如果我们真正勇敢，我们甚至可以开始把高热置的食品与烟草一样对待—对其广告、产品摆放和体育比赛的赞助施加严格限制。”

Such a move could affect firms such as McDonald’s, which sponsors the youth coaching scheme run by Football Association. Fast-food chains should also stop offering “inducements” such as toys, cute animals and mobile phone credit to lure young customer, Stephenson said.

1这样的行动可能会影响像麦当劳这样的公司，麦当劳一直在赞助足协所运作的年轻球员训练项目。2Stephenson认为快餐连锁店也应该停止提供玩具、可爱的小动物、手机话费等“诱饵”来引诱年轻顾客。

Professor Dinesh Bhugra, President of the Royal College of Psychiatrists, said: “If children are taught about the impact that food has on their growth, and that some things can harm, at least information is available up front.”

皇家精神病学院院长DineshBhugra教授说:“如果教导孩子注意食品对成长的影响，并告知孩子有些食品是有害的，至少他们可以先获悉这些信息。”

He also urged councils to impose “fast-food-free zones” around schools and hospitals——areas within which takeaways cannot open.

他还强烈要求市政会在学校和医院周围强制划出“快餐禁区”，在这些区域不得经营外卖餐馆。

A Department of Health spokesperson said:“We need to create a new vision for public health where all of society works together to get healthy and live longer. This includes creating a new ‘responsibility deal’ with business, built on social responsibility, not state regulation. Later this year, we will publish a white paper setting out exactly how we will achieve this. ”

1一位卫生部发言人说:“我们需要营造一种新的公众健康观念，全社会齐心协力造就健康，延长寿命。2这包括和商界达成新的‘责任协议’，该协议应基于社会责任而不是政府的规定。3今年晚些时候，我们将发布一份白皮书，以精确阐述我们实现该愿景的措施。”

The food industry will be alarmed that such senior doctors back such radical moves, especially the call to use some of the tough tactics that have been deployed against smoking over the last decade.

资深医生对这些激进运动的支持，尤其是号召使用过去十年用于禁烟的强硬措施，使得食品行业深为不安。

---

ection III 

## Translation

46.Direction:
In this section there is a text in English. Translate it into Chinese. write your translation on ANSWER SHEET 2. (15points)

Who would have thought that, globally, the IT industry produces about the same volume of greenhouse gases as the world’s airlines do---rough 2 percent of all CO2 emissions?

Many everyday tasks take a surprising toll on the environment. A Google search can leak between 0.2 and 7.0 grams of CO2, depending on how many attempts are needed to get the “right” answer. To deliver results to its users quickly, then, Google has to maintain vast data centres around the world, packed with powerful computers. While producing large quantities of CO2, these computers emit a great deal of heat, so the centres need to be well air-conditioned, which uses even more energy.

However, Google and other big tech providers monitor their efficiency closely and make improvements. Monitoring is the first step on the road to reduction, but there is much to be done, and not just by big companies.













1谁能想到信息技术行业产生的温室气体总置会与航空业不相上下，约占全球二氧化碳排放量的2%?1信息技术行业的许多日常工作对环境造成了意想不到的危害。2每用谷歌搜索一次就会释放出0.2〜7.0克的二氧化碳，释放量的多少取决于使用者需要搜索多少次才能得到“正确”答案。3为了把搜索结果迅速传输给用户，谷歌不得不在全世界范围内建立大型数据中心，并配备大功率计算机。4除了排放大置二氧化碳，这些计算机还释放许多热量，因此数据中心还需要良好的空调环境，而这又会消耗更多的能置。1不过，谷歌和其他大型技术供应商已在密切监控其数据中心的工作效率
并做出改进。2监控只是减排的第一步，需要做的还有很多，而且这不单单是大公司的事情。

---

# 2012



## Section I Use of English

Millions of Americans and foreigners see G. I. Joe as a mindless war toy, the symbol of American military adventurism, but that’s not how it used to be. To the men and women who __1__ in World War II and the people they liberated, the G. I. was the __2__ man grown into hero, the poor farm kid torn away from his home, the guy who __3__ all the burdens of battle, who slept in cold foxholes, who went without the __4__ of food and shelter, who stuck it out and drove back the Nazi reign of murder. This was not a volunteer soldier, not someone well paid, __5__ an average guy, up __6__ the best trained, best equipped, fiercest, most brutal enemies seen in centuries.

1数以百万计的美国人和外国人认为G.I.Joe是缺乏思想的战争玩偶，象征着美国的军事冒险主义，但是在过去并非如此。2对于曾在第二次世界大战服役的人以及被他们解救的人来说，G.I.Joe是一位平民英雄，一位被迫离家的贫穷农村孩子，他经g了所有战争的磨难，睡过冰冷的散兵坑，不得不风餐露宿(缺乏食品和居所这些必需品)，但却坚持不懈，结束了纳粹的残暴统治。3他并非志愿兵，薪资也并非优厚，只是一个普通人,但却和几个世纪以来训练最为有素、装备最为精良、也最为凶狠残忍的敌人奋起作战!

His name is not much. G. I. is just a military abbreviation __7__ Government Issue, and it was on all of the articles __8__ to soldiers. And Joe? A common name for a guy who never __9__ it to the top. Joe Blow, Joe Magrac ...a working class name. The United States has __10__ had a president or vice-president or secretary of state Joe.

1他的名字没有什么了不起。2G.I.只不过5^°vemmentI88116(政府发放〉在军方的缩略语，在发给士兵的所有物品上都有出现。3Joe呢?4也只是一个从未座功跻身上层社会的普通人的名字。5JoeBlow、JoePalooka、JoeMagrac等都是属于劳动阶层的名字。6美国从来没有出现过叫Joe的总统、副总统或国务卿。

G. I. Joe had a __11__ career fighting German, Japanese, and Korean troops. He appears as a character, or a __12__ of American personalities, in the 1945 movie The Story of G. I. Joe, based on the last days of war correspondent Ernie Pyle. Some of the soldiers Pyle __13__ portrayed themselves in the film. Pyle was famous for covering the __14__ side of the war, writing about the dirt-snow–and-mud soldiers, not how many miles were __15__ or what towns were captured or liberated. His reports __16__ the “Willie” cartoons of famed Stars and Stripes artist Bill Maulden. Both men __17__ the dirt and exhaustion of war, the __18__ of civilization that the soldiers shared with each other and the civilians: coffee, tobacco, whiskey, shelter, sleep. __19__ Egypt, France, and a dozen more countries, G. I. Joe was any American soldier, __20__ the most important person in their lives.

1G.I.Joe有过和德国、日本和朝鲜军队作战的辉煌军旅生涯。2他作为一个电影角色或诸多美国人个性的集合体出现在1945年的一部叫《G.I.Joe的故事》的影片中。该影片是基于一名叫ErniePyle的战地记者在生命最后时光的记录拍摄而成的。3Pyle采访过的一些士兵在该影片中出演自己。4Pvle以报道战争中人性的一面而闻名，他记述的是这些浑身尘土、积雪与泥浆的士兵，而非挺进了多少英里或攻占、解放了什么城镇。5他的报道与《星条旗报》著名画家BillMaulden所作的“Willie”漫画类似。6两者都强调了战争的丑恶及损耗，也强调了战争中士兵之间、士兵与平民之间分享咖啡、香烟、威士忌，以及同住同睡的文明片段。7^埃及、法国和许多其他国家而言，G.I.Joe可以是任何一个美国士兵，而从这一点上讲，G.I.Joe是他们生活中最重要的人。

## Text 1

Homework has never been terribly popular with students and even many parents, but in recent years it has been particularly scorned. School districts across the country, most recently Los Angeles Unified, are revising their thinking on his educational ritual. Unfortunately, L. A. Unified has produced an inflexible policy which mandates that with the exception of some advancedcourses, homework may no longer count for more than 10% of a student’s academic grade.

1家庭作业从来就没有受到学生甚至是家长的特别欢迎，而近些年来更是备受贬损。2美国各学区，特别是最近的洛杉矶联合校区，都在矫正对这一教育惯例的看法。3不幸的是，洛杉矾联校制定了一项硬性政策，规定除了一些高级课程外，家庭作业在学业成绩中所占比重不能再超过10%

This rule is meant to address the difficulty that students from impoverished or chaotic homes might have in completing their homework. But the policy is unclear and contradictory. Certainly, no homework should be assigned that students cannot complete on their own or that they cannot do without expensive equipment. But if the district is essentially giving a pass to students who do not do their homework because of complicated family lives, it is going riskily close to the implication that standards need to be lowered for poor children.

1该规定目的是解决那些家境贫困或家庭状况糟糕的学生在完成作业时可能存在的困难。2但是该政策不够清晰并自相矛盾。3当然，不应给学生布置他们无法独立完成或需要昂贵的设备才能完成的家庭作业。4但如果是学生因为家庭环境复杂未完成作业，而学区却基本让其过了关，那么这就相当于明目张胆地说对贫穷孩子有必要降低考试标准。

District administrators say that homework will still be a part of schooling: teachers are allowed to assign as much of it as they want. But with homework counting for no more than 10% of their grades, students can easily skip half their homework and see very little difference on their report cards. Some students might do well on state tests without completing their homework, but what about the students who performed well on the tests and did their homework? It is quite possible that the homework helped. Yet rather than empowering teachers to find what works best for their students, the policy imposes a flat, across-the-board rule.

1学区管理层宣称家庭作业仍将是学业的一部分;允许教师自主安排作业量。2但由于家庭作业在学业成绩中所占比重不能超过10%，学生就能轻易逃避一半的家庭作业，而在成绩报告单上也几乎看不出差别。3有些学生不做家庭作业统考也能取得好成绩，但是那些完成了家庭作业并且取得好成绩的学生呢?4这很可能是由于写作业帮助了他们。5然而该规定不是授权教师去探索什么样的作业最适合学生，而是强制规定了一个死板、统一的规则。

At the same time, the policy addresses none of the truly thorny questions about homework. Ifthe district finds homework to be unimportant to its students’ academic achievement, it should move to reduce or eliminate the assignments, not make them count for almost nothing. Conversely, if homework matters, it should account for a significant portion of the grade. Meanwhile, this policy does nothing to ensure that the homework students receive is meaningful or appropriate to their age and the subject, or that teachers are not assigning more than they are willing to review and correct.

1与此同时，该政策并未解决有关家庭作业真正棘手的问题。2假若学区发现家庭作业对于提高学生的学业成绩作用不大，那么它就该采取行动减少甚至取消家庭作业，而不是让它在成绩中的比重变得微乎其微。3相反，若家庭作业很重要，那么就应在成绩中占有重要比例。4与此同时，学生接受的家庭作业是否有意义、是否适合他们的年龄和学科、老师布置的作业是否超出他们愿意批改的数量，对于这些问題该政策丝毫不能保证。

The homework rules should be put on hold while the school board, which is responsible for setting educational policy, looks into the matter and conducts public hearings. It is not too late for L. A. Unified to do homework right.

1学校董事会(负责制定教育政策的机构)在调查此事并举行公众听证会的时候，有关家庭作业的规定应该推迟实施。2对于洛杉矶联合校区来说，处理好家庭作业这件事还不算太晚。

\21. It is implied in paragraph 1 that nowadays homework_____. 

- [A] is receiving more criticism
  [B]is no longer an educational ritual
  [C]is not required for advanced courses
- [D]is gaining more preferences

\22. L. A. Unified has made the rule about homework mainly because poor students_____.

- [A] tend to have moderate expectations for their education
  [B] have asked for a different educational standard
  [C] may have problems finishing their homework
- [D] have voiced their complaints about homework

\23. According to Paragraph 3, one problem with the policy is that it may. 

- [A]discourage students from doing homework
  [B]result in students' indifference to their report cards
  [C]undermine the authority of state tests
- [D]restrict teachers' power in education

\24. As mentioned in Paragraph 4, a key question unanswered about homework is whether______.

- [A] it should be eliminated
- [B]it counts much in schooling
- [C]it places extra burdens on teachers
- [D]it is important for grades

\25. A suitable title for this text could be______. 

- [A]Wrong Interpretation of an Educational Policy 
- [B]A Welcomed Policy for Poor Students 
- [C]Thorny Questions about Homework
- [D]A Faulty Approach to Homework



## Text2

Pretty in pink: adult women do not remember being so obsessed with the colour, yet it is pervasive in our young girls’ lives. It is not that pink is intrinsically bad, but it is such a tiny slice of the rainbow and, though it may celebrate girlhood in one way, it also repeatedly and firmlyfuses girls’ identity to appearance. Then it presents that connection, even among two-year-olds, between girls as not only innocent but as evidence of innocence. Looking around, I despaired atthe singular lack of imagination about girls’ lives and interests.

Girls’ attraction to pink may seem unavoidable, somehow encoded in their DNA, butaccording to Jo Paoletti, an associate professor of American Studies, it is not. Children were not colour-coded at all until the early 20th century: in the era before domestic washing machines all babies wore white as a practical matter, since the only way of getting clothes clean was to boilthem. What’s more, both boys and girls wore what were thought of as gender-neutral dresses.

1粉红色对女孩的诱惑似乎是不可避免的，不知怎么着成了她们DNA编码的一部分，但根据美国研究会副教授JoPaoletti的观点，事实并非如此。2在20世纪初以前，孩子的衣是不对应颜色的:在家用洗衣机问世之前的时代，婴儿实际上都穿白色，因为洗净衣服的唯一方式是煮烫。3此外，不管男孩女孩都穿人们认为属中性颜色的衣服。

When nursery colours were introduced, pink was actually considered the more masculine colour, a pastel version of red, which was associated with strength. Blue, with its intimations of the Virgin Mary, constancy and faithfulness, symbolised femininity. It was not until the mid-1980s, whenamplifying age and sex differences became a dominant children’s marketing strategy, that pinkfully came into its own, when it began to seem inherently attractive to girls, part of what defined them as female, at least for the first few critical years.

4在托儿所引入色彩概念后，粉红色实际上被认为是一种更具男性特征的颜色，比红色更柔和(红色的柔和版)，让人联想到力量。5蓝色会让人想到圣母玛利亚，代表着坚贞与忠诚，是女性的标志。620世纪80年代中期，强调年龄与性别差异开始成为儿童服装市场的主导策略，直到这时粉红色才盛行起来，开始对女孩产生一种看似固有的吸引力，这让粉红色成为了定义女性特征的一个元素，至少在最初的关键几年里是这样。

I had not realised how profoundly marketing trends dictated our perception of what is natural to kids, including our core beliefs about their psychological development. Take the toddler. Iassumed that phase was something experts developed after years of research into children’sbehaviour: wrong. Turns out, according to Daniel Cook, a historian of childhood consumerism, it was popularized as a marketing trick by clothing manufacturers in the 1930s.

1我原来没有意识到，市场营销的潮流对我们有关儿童天性的理解，包括我们对儿童心理发育的核心观念，都产生着巨大影响。2以“学步儿童”为例。3我曾认为该阶段是专家们经过多年研究儿童行为特征后发展出来的:错。4根据儿童消费史学家DanielCbok的观点，它事实上从20世纪30年代才开始流行，源自制衣商的一个营销花招。

Trade publications counselled department stores that, in order to increase sales, they shouldcreate a “third stepping stone” between infant wear and older kids’ clothes. It was only after“toddler” became a common shoppers’ term that it evolved into a broadly accepted developmental stage. Splitting kids, or adults, into ever-tinier categories has proved a sure-fire way to boost profits. And one of the easiest ways to segment a market is to magnify gender differences – or invent them where they did not previously exist.

1当时商业刊物给百货商场建议:要增加销售额，就应在婴儿装与大童装之间创造一个“第三块踏脚石”。2所以是在“学步儿童”成为购物者的常用术语后，它才逐渐成为一个被广泛接受的孩子成长阶段。3事实证明，把孩子或成人群体做更加细致的分类是提高利润万无一失的手段。4对市场进行细分最简单的方法之一，就是凸显性别差异或者创造出原来没有的差异。

\26. By saying "it is...the rainbow"(Line 3, Para.1),the author means pink______. 

- [A]should not be the sole representation of girlhood
  [B]should not be associated with girls' innocence
  [C]cannot explain girls' lack of imagination
- [D]cannot influence girls' lives and interests

\27. According to Paragraph 2, which of the following is true of colours? 

- [A] Colours are encoded in girls' DNA.
  [B]Blue used to be regarded as the colour for girls.
  [C]Pink used to be a neutral colour in symbolising genders.
- [D]White is preferred by babies.

\28. The author suggests that our perception of children's psychological development was much influenced by_____.

- [A]the marketing of products for children
  [B]the observation of children's nature
- [C]researches into children's behavior
-  [D]studies of childhood consumption

\29. We may learn from Paragraph 4 that department stores were advised to_____.

- [A]focus on infant wear and older kids' clothes
  [B]attach equal importance to different genders
  [C]classify consumers into smaller groups
- [D]create some common shoppers' terms

\30. It can be concluded that girls' attraction to pink seems to be. 

- [A] clearly explained by their inborn tendency
  [B]fully understood by clothing manufacturers
  [C] mainly imposed by profit-driven businessmen
- [D]well interpreted by psychological experts

## Text 3

In 2010, a federal judge shook America's biotech industry to its core. Companies had won patents for isolated DNA for decades-by 2005 some 20% of human genes were patented. But in March 2010 a judge ruled that genes were unpatentable. Executives were violently agitated. The Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), a trade group, assured members that this was just a“preliminary step” in a longer battle.

2010年，一位联邦法官深深触动了美国生物技术行业的神经。2此前很多公司已经对分离出的DNA享有专利多年—截至2005年，大约20%的人类基因已被申请专利。3但在2010年3月，一位联邦法官做出裁决，认为基因不能够获得专利。4这让生物技术公司的管理者们焦躁不安。5作为一个贸易团体，生物技术产业组织向其成员承诺这只是长期斗争的“前奏”。

On July 29th they were relieved, at least temporarily. A federal appeals court overturned the prior decision, ruling that Myriad Genetics could indeed hold patents to two genes that help forecast a woman's risk of breast cancer. The chief executive of Myriad, a company in Utah, said the ruling was a blessing to firms and patients alike.

17月29日，他们如释重负，至少暂时是这样。2联邦上诉法院推翻了先前的判决，裁定MyriadGenetics公司的确可以拥有两项帮助预测女性乳腺癌风险的基因专利。3位于犹他州的Myriad公司的首席执行官认为，这份判决对于相关公司及患者都是一种福音。

But as companies continue their attempts at personalized medicine, the courts will remain rather busy. The Myriad case itself is probably not over. Critics make three main arguments against gene patents: a gene is a product of nature, so it may not be patented; gene patents suppress innovation rather than reward it; and patents' monopolies restrict access to genetic tests such as Myriad's. A growing number seem to agree. Last year a federal task-force urged reform for patents related to genetic tests. In October the Department of Justice filed a brief in the Myriad case, arguing that an isolated DNA molecule “is no less a product of nature...than are cotton fibers that have been separated from cotton seeds.”

1但随着生物技术公司继续努力研发个性化药品，法庭上仍然会纠纷不断。2Myriad—案本身可能并没有就此终结。3针对基因专利，批评家们提出了三个主要的反对理由:基因是自然产物，因此不应得到专利保护;基因专利抑制创新而不是鼓励创新;像Myriad这样的专利垄断会限制人们进行基因测试。4越来越多的人倾向于认同这些观点。5去年联邦政府成立专项小组来督促基因测试方面的专利改革。610月份司法部对Myriad—案提交实情摘要，指出分离出的DNA分子就像从棉花籽分离出的棉花纤维一样，也是自然产物。

Despite the appeals court's decision, big questions remain unanswered. For example, it is unclear whether the sequencing of a whole genome violates the patents of individual genes within it. The case may yet reach the Supreme Court.

1尽管上诉法院已经做出裁决，但一些重大问題仍然没有解决。2例如，尚不清楚一个完整的基因组排序是否会侵犯基因组内个体基因所获得的专利。3该案件可能会上诉到最高法院。

AS the industry advances, however, other suits may have an even greater impact. Companies are unlikely to file many more patents for human DNA molecules-most are already patented or in the public domain. Firms are now studying how genes interact, looking for correlations that mightbe used to determine the causes of disease or predict a drug’s efficacy, companies are eager to winpatents for ‘connecting the dots’, explains Hans Sauer, a lawyer for the BIO.

1然而，随着该产业的发展，其他的诉讼可能会产生更大的影响。2生物公司已不可能申请到更多人体DNA分子的专利—大多数基因已受到专利保护或属于公共领域。3生物公司正在研究基因的相互作用，以确定它们的彼此关系，这些关系可以用来确诊病因或预测药物疗效。4生物技术产业组织(BIO)的律师HansSaner解释道，生物公司渴望获得“把相关的基因点连接起来”的专利。

Their success may be determined by a suit related to this issue, brought by the Mayo Clinic, which the Supreme Court will hear in its next term. The BIO recently held a convention which included sessions to coach lawyers on the shifting landscape for patents. Each meeting was packed.

1他们能否成功可能要取决于MayoClinic所引发的一起相关诉讼案，最高法院将在下一个庭审期审理此案。2生物技术产业组织(BI0)最近召开了一个大会。期间开展了一系列研讨会，针对不断变换的专利案情对律师进行培训。3每一次会议都座无虚席。

\31. It can be learned from paragraph I that the biotech companies would like _____. 

- A. their executives to be active
  B. judges to rule out gene patenting
  C. genes to be patentable
- D. the BIO to issue a warning

\32. Those who are against gene patents believe that _____. 

- A. genetic tests are not reliable
  B. only man-made products are patentable
  C. patents on genes depend much on innovation
- D. courts should restrict access to genetic tests

\33. According to Hans Sauer, companies are eager to win patents for _____. 

- A. establishing disease correlations
  B. discovering gene interactions
  C. drawing pictures of genes
- D. identifying human DNA

\34. By saying “each meeting was packed” (Line 4, Para. 6), the author means that _____. 

- A. the Supreme Court was authoritative
  B. the BIO was a powerful organization
  C. gene patenting was a great concern
- D. lawyers were keen to attend conventions

\35. Generally speaking, the author’s attitude toward gene patenting is _____. 

- A. critical
  B. supportive
  C. scornful
- D. objective

## Text 4

The great recession may be over, but this era of high joblessness is probably beginning. Before it ends, it will likely change the life course and character of a generation of young adults. And ultimately, it is likely to reshape our politics, our culture, and the character of our society for years.

1大萧条或许已经结束，但高失业率的时代很可能才刚刚开始，2在形势好转之前，它可能会改变年轻一代的生活轨迹与品性。3并最终，有可能重塑我们多年来形成的政治、文化与社会特征。

No one tries harder than the jobless to find silver linings in this national economic disaster. Many said that unemployment, while extremely painful, had improved them in some ways; they had become less materialistic and more financially prudent; they were more aware of the struggles of others. In limited respects, perhaps the recession will leave society better off. At the very least, it has awoken us from our national fever dream of easy riches and bigger houses, and put a necessary end to an era of reckless personal spending.

1在这次全国性经济灾难中，没有谁会比失业人员更努力地去寻找希望的曙光(银镶边)。2许多人都认为失业尽管很痛苦，但也在某些方面让自己有所提升:他们变得不再那么物质至上，在经济上更加谨慎，也比以前更能体谅他人的艰难。3在个别方面，这次萧条可能也会使社会有所好转。4至少，它把我们从“暴富”“豪宅”这个全国性狂热的美梦中唤醒，及时结束了一个盲目消费的时代。

But for the most part, these benefits seem thin, uncertain, and far off. In The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth, the economic historian Benjamin Friedman argues that both inside and outside the U.S., lengthy periods of economic stagnation or decline have almost always left society more mean-spirited and less inclusive, and have usually stopped or reversed the advance of rights and freedoms. Anti-immigrant sentiment typically increases, as does conflict between races and classes.

1但对于大多数人来说，这些好处少而模糊，不太现实。2经济史学家BenjaminFriedman在《经济增长的道德后果》一书中指出，不管在美国还是在其他国家，长期的经济停滞或下滑几乎总是让社会变得更心胸狭隘，缺乏包容性，使人权和自由的发展停滞甚至倒退。3如同种族与阶级矛盾会加剧一样，反移民情绪往往也会变得高涨。

Income inequality usually falls during a recession, but it has not shrunk in this one. Indeed, this period of economic weakness may reinforce class divides, and decrease opportunities to cross them--- especially for young people. The research of Till Von Wachter, the economist in Columbia University, suggests that not all people graduating into a recession see their life chances dimmed: those with degrees from elite universities catch up fairly quickly to where they otherwise would have been if they had graduated in better times; it is the masses beneath them that are left behind.

1在经济萧条期间，收入不平等通常会缩小，但这次没有(缩小)。2事实上,此次的经济衰退可能会加剧阶级分化，减少阶级弥合的机会—对年轻人尤其如此。3哥伦比亚大学的经济学家TillVonWatcher所做的研究表明，并非所有在萧条时期毕业的人都机会渺茫，那些拥有名牌大学的毕业生会很快获得他们在经济繁荣期毕业时本能获得的成绩，而那些落在后面的，是学历不如他们的大众阶层

In the Internet age, it is particularly easy to see the resentment that has always been hidden within American society. More difficult, in the moment, is discerning precisely how these leantimes are affecting society’s character. In many respects, the U.S. was more socially tolerant entering this recession than at any time in its history, and a variety of national polls on social conflict since then have shown mixed results. We will have to wait and see exactly how these hard times will reshape our social fabric. But they certainly will shape it, and all the more so the longer they extend.

1在互联网时代，美国社会内部隐藏的怨恨特别容易就能看到。2而精确识别这些经济萧条对社会特征产生的影响目前则比较困难。3美国在此次经济萧条时期所表现出的社会容忍度，在很多方面都超过历史任何时期，并且自衰退以来，各种有关社会冲突的全国性民意调查显示的结果也都不尽相同。4此次经济萧条将怎样重塑我们的社会结构，我们只能拭目以待。5但可以确定，这次经济萧条将重塑我们的社会结构，并且箫条持续的时间越久，影响也就越大。

\36. By saying “to find silver linings” (Line 1, Para.2) the author suggest that the jobless try to___. 

- [A]seek subsidies from the government
  [B]explore reasons for the unemployment
  [C]make profits from the troubled economy
- [D]look on the bright side of the recession

\37. According to Paragraph 2, the recession has made people_____. 

- [A]realize the national dream
  [B]struggle against each other
  [C]challenge their prudence
- [D]reconsider their lifestyle

\38. Benjamin Friedman believe that economic recessions may_____. 

- [A]impose a heavier burden on immigrants
  [B]bring out more evils of human nature
  [C]promote the advance of rights and freedoms
- [D]ease conflicts between races and classes

\39. The research of Till Von Wachther suggests that in recession graduates from elite universities tend to _____.

- [A]lag behind the others due to decreased opportunities
  [B]catch up quickly with experienced employees
- [C]see their life chances as dimmed as the others’
- [D]recover more quickly than the others

\40. The author thinks that the influence of hard times on society is.

- [A]certain
  [B]positive
  [C]trivial
- [D]destructive

## Part B

Directions: Read the following text and answer the questions by finding information from the left column that corresponds to each of the marked details given in the right column. There are

two extra choices in the right column. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEERT 1.(10 points)



“Universal history, the history of what man has accomplished in this world, is at bottom the History of the Great Men who have worked here,” wrote the Victorian sage Thomas Carlyle. Well, not any more it is not.

1维多利亚时期的哲人ThomasCarlyle曾写道:“世界的历史，即人类在这个世界上所取得成就的历史，究其本质是那些成绩斐然的伟大人物的历史。”2但这种情况已经一去不复返了。

Suddenly, Britain looks to have fallen out with its favourite historical form. This could be no more than a passing literary craze, but it also points to a broader truth about how we now approach the past: less concerned with learning from forefathers and more interested in feeling their pain. Today, we want empathy, not inspiration.

1突然间，英国似乎同它最钟爱的历史形式说再见了。2这也许仅仅是一时的文学狂热，但它也揭示了我们如今的历史研究方面一个更为普遍的事实:不注重向先辈们学g,而是更关注感受他们的痛苦。3如今，我们想要的是同情而非激励。

From the earliest days of the Renaissance, the writing of history meant recounting the exemplary lives of great men. In 1337, Petrarch began work on his rambling writing De Viris Illustribus – On Famous Men, highlighting the virtus (or virtue) of classical heroes. Petrarch celebrated their greatness in conquering fortune and rising to the top. This was the biographical tradition which Niccolo Machiavelli turned on its head. In The Prince, he championed cunning, ruthlessness, and boldness, rather than virtue, mercy and justice, as the skills of successful leaders.

1从文艺复兴之初开始，书写历史就意味着记述那些伟人的典范人生。2在1337年，Petrarch开始创作他的漫谈录《伟人论》，该作品强调了那些古典英雄人物的美德。3Petrarch歌颂了他们战胜命运
并达到人生巅峰的伟大。4NiccoloMachiavelli则颠覆了这一传记传统方式。5在《君王论》一书中，他宣扬成功的领导者应狡诈、冷酷并无耻，而不是讲美德、仁慈和正义。

Over time, the attributes of greatness shifted. The Romantics commemorated the leading painters and authors of their day, stressing the uniqueness of the artist's personal experience rather than public glory. By contrast, the Victorian author Samual Smiles wrote Self-Help as a catalogue of the worthy lives of engineers, industrialists and explores. "The valuable examples which they furnish of the power of self-help, of patient purpose, resolute working and steadfast integrity, issuing in the formation of truly noble and manly character, exhibit," wrote Smiles, "what it is in the power of each to accomplish for himself." His biographies of James Walt, Richard Arkwright and Josiah Wedgwood were held up as beacons to guide the working man through his difficult life.

1随着时间的推移，伟大的属性也有所改变。2浪漫主义者在•颂扬同时代杰出画家和作家时，强调的是这些艺术家个人的经历的独特，而不是公众的荣耀。3与此相反，维多利亚时期的作家SamuelGuiles撰写了《自助》一书，列举了一系列工程师、实业家和探险家们有价值的人生。4Smiles写道:“他们身上体现出了自强的力量、坚初的决心、不懈的努力和始终如一的正直，这些品质缔造出了真正高贵而有男子气概的品格，这些宝贵的事迹说明每一个人都有获得成功的内在力量”。5他所著的有关JamesWatt、RichardArkwright和JosiahWedgwood的传记，被认为是指引劳动者阶层度过艰难时期的明灯。

This was all a bit bourgeois for Thomas Carlyle, who focused his biographies on the truly heroic lives of Martin Luther, Oliver Cromwell and Napoleon Bonaparte. These epochal figures represented lives hard to imitate, but to be acknowledged as possessing higher authority than mere mortals.

1对ThomasCarlyle而言，这一切未免有点俗气。他的人物传记主要记述的是MartinLuther、CHiverCromwell和NapoleonBonaparte这些真正英雄人物的生活。2这些划时代人物的生活难以模仿，但需承认比普通人的生活更具权威性。

Not everyone was convinced by such bombast. “The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles,” wrote Marx and Engels in The Communist Manifesto. For them, history did nothing, it possessed no immense wealth nor waged battles: “It is man, real, living manwho does all that.” And history should be the story of the masses and their record of struggle. Assuch, it needed to appreciate the economic realities, the social contexts and power relations in which each epoch stood. For: “Men make their own history, but they do not make it just as they please; they do not make it under circumstances chosen by themselves, but under circumstancesdirectly found, given and transmitted from the past.”

1但并非所有的人都信服这种浮夸的描写。2马克思和恩格斯在《共产主义宣言》中写道:“到目前为止，所有现存社会的历史都是阶级斗争的历史。”3对他而言，历史本身没起什么作用，它既没有巨额财富，也没有发动过战争:“是人，真实的、活生生的人主导了这一切。”4历史应该是关于群众的故事，记录群众的斗争。5如此一来，历史必须重视各个时代不同的经济现状、社会背景和权力关系。6这是因为:“人类创造了自己的历史，但他们不是按照自己的意愿去创造;他们不是根据自己选择的环境去创造，而是根据从过去直接发现的或过去遗留下来的环境去创造。”

This was the tradition which revolutionized our appreciation of the past. In place of Thomas Carlyle, Britain nurtured Christopher Hill, EP Thompson and Eric Hobsbawm. History from below stood alongside biographies of great men. Whole new realms of understanding — from gender to race to cultural studies — were opened up as scholars unpicked the multiplicity of lost societies. And it transformed public history too: downstairs became just as fascinating as upstairs.

1这一传统彻底改变了我们对过去的理解。2在ThomasCariyle之后，英国孕育出了Qiristofte"Kll、EPThompson和EricHobsbawm。3来自平民的历史记录与伟人的传记并驾齐驱。4随着学者们对已逝社会多样性的深刻解读，人们对历史的理解—从性别到种族再到文化研究—也已步入一个全新的领域。5这也改变了公众的历史:下层社会和上层社会变得一样令人着迷。



## Section III Translation 

Translate the following text from English into Chinese. Write your translation on ANSWER SHEET2. (15 points) 

When people in developing countries worry about migration, they are usually concerned at the prospect of their best and brightest departure to Silicon Valley or to hospitals and universities in the developed world. These are the kind of workers that countries like Britain, Canada and Australia try to attract by using immigration rules that privilege college graduates. 

1发展中国家的人在考虑移民时，往往关心的是前往硅谷或发达国家的医院和大学里工作这样最美好最光明的前景。2这些人正是英国、加拿大和澳大利亚这些国家想要通过对大学毕业生提供优惠的移民政策来吸引的人才。

Lots of studies have found that well-educated people from developing countries are particularly likely to emigrate. A big survey of Indian households in 2004 found that nearly 40% of emigrants had more than a high-school education, compared with around 3.3% of all Indians over the age of 25. This "brain drain" has long bothered policymakers in poor countries. They fear that it hurts their economies, depriving them of much-needed skilled workers who could have taught at their universities, worked in their hospitals and come up with clever new products for their factories to make. 

1大量的研究表明，发展中国家受过良好教育的人尤其可能移民。22004年对印度家庭的一项大型调查表明，将近40%移居国外的人受过高中以上教育，相比之下，全印度25岁以上受过高中以上教育的人约为3.3%。3这种“人才流失”长期以来一直困扰着贫穷国家的决策者。4他们担心这种现象会损害本国经济，使他们失去急需的熟练劳动者，而这些人本可留在国内在大学教书、在医院工作或者研发新的智能产品供工厂生产。

---

# 2013

## Section I Use of English

Given the advantages of electronic money, you might think that we would move quickly to the cashless society in which all payments are made electronically. __1__, a true cashless society is probably not around the corner. Indeed, predictions have been __2__ for two decades but have not yet come to fruition. For example, Business Week predicted in 1975 that electronic means of payment would soon “revolutionize the very __3__ of money itself,” only to __4__ itself several years later. Why has the movement to a cashless society been so __5__ in coming?

1考虑到电子货币的种种优势，你或许认为我们会快速进入一个无现金流通的社会，在这个社会中，所有的支付方式都是电子化的。2篮通，一个真正意义上的无现金社会可能并非那样触手可及。3确实，过去二十余年间一直存查这样的预测，但迄今仍无任何结果。4例如，《商业周刊》1975年就曾预测电子支付方式将很快“对货币自身的梃盒带来革命性改变”，结果几年后却自食其言。5为什么进入到无现金社会的过程会如此缓慢呢?

Although electronic means of payment might be more efficient than a payments system based on paper, several factors work __6__ the disappearance of the paper system. First, it is very __7__ to set up the computer, card reader, and telecommunications networks necessary to make electronic money the __8__ form of payment. Second, paper checks have the advantage that they __9__ receipts, something that many consumers are unwilling to __10__. Third, the use of paperchecks gives consumers several days of “float”—it takes several days __11__ a check is cashedand funds are __12__ from the issuer’s account, which means that the writer of the check can caminterest on the funds in the meantime. __13__ electronic payments are immediate, they eliminate the float for the consumers.

1尽管电子支付方式比货币支付系统更高效，但是某些因素却阻碍着货币系统的消亡。2首先，设置计算机、读卡器以及远程通讯网络的成本很高,而这些又是电子货币成为主流支付方式的必备条件。3其次，纸质支票有一个好处，它可以提供凭证，而这是消费者不愿放弃的东西。4第三，使用纸质支票会给消费者几天的“时间差”一兑换支票并从支票人账户提款通常需要几天时间，这就意味着开支票的人可以赚取金这几日产生的利息。5由于电子支付是即时的，所以就消除了消费者的这个“时间差”。

Forth, electronic means of payment may __14__ security and privacy concerns. We often hear media reports that an unauthorized hacker has been able to access a computer database and to alter information __15__ there. The fact that this is not an __16__ occurrence means that dishonest persons might be able to access bank accounts in electronic payments systems and __17__ from someone else’s accounts. The __18__ of this type of fraud is no easy task, and a new field of computer science is developing to __19__ security issues. A further concern is that the use of electronic means of payment leaves an electronic __20__ that contains a large amount of personal data. There are concerns that government, employers, and marketers might be able to access these data, thereby violating our privacy.

1第四，电子支付方式会引发人们对安全和隐私的担忧。2我们经常听到媒体这样的报道:某未经授权的黑客进入到电脑数据库并篡改了那里的已存信息。3这并非一个不同寻常的现象,它意味着不法之徒可能会进入电子支付系统的银行账户并从他人账户盗取钱财。4防范这种诈骗并不容易,当前一个全新的电脑科学领域正在发展以应对这些安全问题。5人们更忧虑的是使用电子支付方式会留下电子痙遽，其中包含大量个人数据。6人们担心政府、雇主和营销人贾可能获取这些数据，从而侵犯我们的隐私。



## Text 1

In an essay entitled “Making It in America,”, the author Adam Davidson relates a joke from cotton country about just how much a modern textile mill has been automated: The average millhas only two employees today, “a man and a dog. The man is there to feed the dog, and the dog isthere to keep the man away from the machines.”

在一篇题为《成功在美利坚》的文章中，作者亚当•戴维森讲述了一则来自棉产区的笑话，内容与现代纺织厂的自动化程度有关:如今一个典型的工厂只需两名员工:“一个人外加一只狗。人的工作是喂狗，而狗的工作是避免人靠近机器。”

Davidson’s article is one of a number of pieces that have recently appeared making the pointthat the reason we have such stubbornly high unemployment and declining middle-class incomes today is largely because of the big drop in demand because of the Great Recession, but it is also because of the advances in both globalization and the information technology revolution, which are more rapidly than ever replacing labor with machines or foreign workers.

和戴维森的文章一样，最近出现的一些文章，都在阐明一个观点:今天失业率之所以居高不下，中产阶级收入之所以下滑，其原因在很大程度上是大衰退引发的需求大幅减少，但是还有一个原因是由于全球化和信息技术革命的发展，后者使得劳工正以前所未有的速度被机器或外国劳工所取代

In the past, workers with average skills, doing an average job, could earn an average lifestyle.But, today, average is officially over. Being average just won’t earn you what it used to. It can’twhen so many more employers have so much more access to so much more above average cheap foreign labor, cheap robotics, cheap software, cheap automation and cheap genius. Therefore, everyone needs to find their extra — their unique value contribution that makes them stand out in whatever is their field of employment.

1过去，拥有一般技能的工人做一份普通的工作，就可以过上中等条件的生活。2但是今天，平庸时代正式结束了。3保持平庸将不再使你拥有过去它所能带给你的一切。4由于越来越多的雇主有更多的途径可获取越来越多的优质廉价的外国劳动力、便宜的机器人技术、低价位的软件、低成本的自动操作系统以及廉价的人才，所以保持平庸已不可为继。5因此，人人都需要找到自己的额外价值种能使自己在任何职场中脱颖而出的特殊价值贝献。

Yes, new technology has been eating jobs forever, and always will. But there’s been an acceleration. As Davidson notes, “In the 10 years ending in 2009, U.S. factories shed workers so fast that they erased almost all the gains of the previous 70 years; roughly one out of every three manufacturing jobs — about 6 million in total — disappeared.”

1的确，新技术一直在蚕食就业机会，并将一直持续下去。2但是，目前已出现加速态势。3正如戴维森所言:“2009年之前的10年间，(美国)工厂裁员速度很快，裁减的人数几乎等于之前70年间新增人数的总和;大约三分之一的制造业岗位—总计约600万个一一消失了。”

There will always be change — new jobs, new products, new services. But the one thing we know for sure is that with each advance in globalization and the I.T. revolution, the best jobs will require workers to have more and better education to make themselves above average.

1变化会无时不在—新工作、新产品和新服务都将会出现。2但有一点我们确信无疑，随着全球化和信息技术革命的每一次推进，最好的工作往往需要人们接受更多更好的教育，才能脱颖而出。

In a world where average is officially over, there are many things we need to do to support employment, but nothing would be more important than passing some kind of G. I. Bill for the 21st century that ensures that every American has access to post-high school education.

在这样一个平庸正式宣告终结的时代，我们需要做很多的事情以促进就业。但在21世纪，最重要的莫过于出台某种类似于《退伍军人权利法案》的法规，以确保每个美国人都有机会接受高等教育

\21. The joke in Paragraph 1 is used to illustrate_______. [A] the impact of technological advances
[B] the alleviation of job pressure [C] the shrinkage of textile mills

[D] the decline of middle-class incomes

\22. According to Paragraph 3, to be a successful employee, one has to______. [A] work on cheap software
[B] ask for a moderate salary
[C] adopt an average lifestyle

[D] contribute something unique

\23. The quotation in Paragraph 4 explains that ______. [A] gains of technology have been erased
[B] job opportunities are disappearing at a high speed [C] factories are making much less money than before [D] new jobs and services have been offered

\24. According to the author, to reduce unemployment, the most important is_____. [A] to accelerate the I.T. revolution
[B] to ensure more education for people
[C] to advance economic globalization

[D] to pass more bills in the 21st century

\25. Which of the following would be the most appropriate title for the text? [A] New Law Takes Effect
[B] Technology Goes Cheap
[C] Average Is Over

[D] Recession Is Bad

## Text 2

A century ago, the immigrants from across the Atlantic included settlers and sojourners. Along with the many folks looking to make a permanent home in the United States came those who had no intention to stay, and 7 million people arrived while about 2 million departed. About a quarter of all Italian immigrants, for example, eventually returned to Italy for good. They even had an affectionate nickname, "uccelli di passaggio," birds of passage.

1一个世纪以前，来自大西洋彼岸的移民中有定居者也有旅居者。2许多人希望在美国建立一个永久的家园，但也有些人并不想留下，还有些人打算赚些钱然后就返乡回家。3在1908年到1915年期间，大约有700万人抵达美国，而离开的大约有200万人。4例如，约四分之一的意大利移民最终返回意大利再没回来。5他们甚至还有个亲切的昵称:“uccellidipassaggio”，候鸟。

Today, we are much more rigid about immigrants. We divide newcomers into two categories: legal or illegal, good or bad. We hail them as Americans in the making, or our broken immigration system and the long political paralysis over how to fix it. We don't need more categories, but we need to change the way we think about categories. We need to look beyond strict definitions of legal and illegal. To start, we can recognize the new birds of passage, those living and thriving in the gray areas. We might then begin to solve our immigration challenges.

1今天，我们对移民更加严格。2我们把新来的人分为两类:合法或者不合法，好或者不好。3我们要么把他们当作正在形成的美国人加以欢迎，要么给他们贴上外族的标签将他们驱逐。4这一思维模式在很大程度上致使我们的移民制度漏洞百出，也让政府长期以来对其修正无能为力。5我们不需要更多的类别，我们需要的是改变对现有类别的认识。6我们需要突破对合法与非法的严格定义(来看待问题)。7首先，我们要承认那些新“候鸟”的存在，即那些在灰色地带生活和成长的新移民的存在。8然后，我们才可以着手解决我们在移民方面面临的挑战。

Crop pickers, violinists, construction workers, entrepreneurs, engineers, home health-care aides and physicists are among today's birds of passage. They are energetic participants in a global economy driven by the flow of work, money and ideas. They prefer to come and go as opportunity calls them. They can manage to have a job in one place and a family in another.

1如今的“候鸟”式移民包括农作物收割工、小提琴手、建筑工人、企业家、工程师、家庭医护助手以及物理学家等。2工作、资金以及思想的流动促使他们成为全球经济的积极参与者。3他们更愿意跟着机会走，来去自由。4他们可以设法在一个地方立业，在另一个地方安家。

With or without permission, they straddle laws, jurisdictions and identities with ease. We need them to imagine the United States as a place where they can be productive for a while without committing themselves to staying forever. We need them to feel that home can be both here and there and that they can belong to two nations honorably.

1不管有无许可，他们都能轻松地游走在法律、管辖区域和不同身份之间。2我们需要他们将美国视作是一个他们暂时可以发展事业的地方，无需承诺在这里度过终生。3我们需要他们感觉到家可以在美国也可以在他处，他们可以光荣地属于两个国家。

Accommodating this new world of people in motion will require new attitudes on both sides of the immigration battle. Looking beyond the culture war logic of right or wrong means opening up the middle ground and understanding that managing immigration today requires multiple paths and multiple outcomes. Including some that are not easy to accomplish legally in the existing system.

1要认同这样一个流动人员的新世界，需要围绕移民问题发生争执的双方都有全新的态度。2超越文化中非对即错的战争逻辑，意味着要打开中间地带，并充分意识到当今的移民管理需要多种途径和多样化的结果，包括一些现有制度下用法律难以达成的途径和结果。

\26. “Birds of passage” refers to those who____. [A] immigrate across the Atlantic
[B] leave their home countries for good
[C] stay in a foreign temporarily

[D]find permanent jobs overseas

\27. It is implied in paragraph 2 that the current immigration system in the US____. [A] needs new immigrant categories
[B] has loosened control over immigrants
[C] should be adopted to meet challenges

[D]has been fixed via political means

\28. According to the author, today’s birds of passage want___. [A] financial incentives
[B] a global recognition
[C] opportunities to get regular jobs

[D]the freedom to stay and leave

\29. The author suggests that the birds of passage today should be treated __. [A] as faithful partners
[B] with economic favors
[C] with legal tolerance

[D]as mighty rivals

30 which of the following would be the most appropriate title for the text? [A] Come and Go: Big Mistake
[B] Living and Thriving: Great Risk
[C] With or Without: Great Risk

[D]Legal or Illegal: Big Mistake

## Text 3

Scientists have found that although we are prone to snap overreactions, if we take a moment and think about how we are likely to react, we can reduce or even eliminate the negative effects of our quick, hard-wired responses.

科学家们发现我们往往会(对事件)做出快速的过激反应，但如果我们花点儿时间想一想我们可能的反应，那么我们就会减少甚至消除我们固有的快速反应所产生的负面影响。

Snap decisions can be important defense mechanisms; if we are judging whether someone is dangerous, our brains and bodies are hard-wired to react very quickly, within milliseconds. But we need more time to assess other factors. To accurately tell whether someone is sociable, studies show, we need at least a minute, preferably five. It takes a while to judge complex aspects of perso nality, like neuroticism or open-mindedness.

1快速决策可能是重要的防御机制;如果我们要判断某人是否危险，我们的大脑和身体就会在几毫秒的时间里做出自然迅速的反应。2但是我们需要更多时间评估其他因素。3研究显示，若要准确判断一个人是否随和友善，我们起码需要一分钟，最好五分钟。4性格涉及复杂的方方面面.比如神经质还是心胸开阔，对此的评判是需要时间的。

But snap decisions in reaction to rapid stimuli aren’t exclusive to the interpersonal realm.Psychologists at the University of Toronto found that viewing a fast-food logo for just a few milliseconds primes us to read 20 percent faster, even though reading has little to do with eating. We unconsciously associate fast food with speed and impatience and carry those impulses intowhatever else we’re doing. Subjects exposed to fast-food flashes also tend to think a musical piece lasts too long.

1但是快速刺激下的瞬间决策并不仅限于人际范畴。2多伦多大学的心理学家发现，尽管阅读与进餐几乎没有任何关系，但注视快餐商标仅几毫秒就可以让人们的阅读速度加快20%。3我们无意识地把快餐和速度以及急切联系到一起，并将这些冲动付诸我们所做的任何其他事情中。4当实验对象眼前闪过快餐商标时，他们也往往会认为一首乐曲的时间实在太长。

Yet we can reverse such influences. If we know we will overreact to consumer products or housing options when we see a happy face (one reason good sales representatives and real estate agents are always smiling), we can take a moment before buying. If we know female job screeners are more likely to reject attractive female applicants, we can help screeners understand their biases— or hire outside screeners.

1然而，我们可以扭转这些影响。2如果我们知道，在看到一张笑脸时(这是优秀的销售人员以及房地产代理人保持微笑的一个原因)我们会对商品或者住房选择做出过度反应，我们就该在购买之前先思考一下。3如果我们了解到女性招聘者更有可能拒绝有魅力的女性求职者，我们就可以帮助招聘者认识到她们的偏见—或者聘请外部招聘人员。

John Gottman, the marriage expert, explains that we quickly “thin slice” information reliably only after we ground such snap reactions in “thick sliced” long-term study. When Dr. Gottman really wants to assess whether a couple will stay together, he invites them to his island retreat for a much longer evaluation: two days, not two seconds.

1婚姻专家约翰•古德曼解释说:只有我们把快速反应建立在大量信息长期研究的基础上，我们才可以可靠地依据少量信息做出快速反应。2古德曼博士若想真正评估一对夫妻是否可以继续融洽相处，会邀请他们到自己岛上的静居处做更长时间的评估:是两天，而不是两秒钟。

Our ability to mute our hard-wired reactions by pausing is what differentiates us from animals: dogs can think about the future only intermittently or for a few minutes. But historically we have spent about 12 percent of our days contemplating the longer term. Although technologymight change the way we react, it hasn’t changed our nature. We still have the imaginativecapacity to rise above temptation and reverse the high-speed trend.

1我们有能力通过暂停的方式弱化我们的固有反应，这使得我们有别于动物:狗只能间断性地，或者用几分钟时间思考未来。2但纵观历史，我们花掉了12%的时间去思考更长远的事情。3尽管科技可以改变我们反应的方式，但是它并未改变人类的本性。4我们仍旧有足够的想象能力去抵制诱惑，并扭转这种快速反应的趋向。

\31. The time needed in making decisions may____. [A] vary according to the urgency of the situation [B] prove the complexity of our brain reaction
[C] depend on the importance of the assessment [D] predetermine the accuracy of our judgment

\32. Our reaction to a fast-food logo shows that snap decisions____. [A] can be associative
[B] are not unconscious
[C] can be dangerous

[D] are not impulsive

\33. To reverse the negative influences of snap decisions, we should____. [A] trust our first impression
[B] do as people usually do
[C] think before we act

[D] ask for expert advice

\34. John Gottman says that reliable snap reactions are based on____.

[A] critical assessment [B] ‘‘thin sliced’’ study [C] sensible explanation [D] adequate information

\35. The author’s attitude toward reversing the high-speed trend is____. [A] tolerant
[B] uncertain
[C] optimistic

[D] doubtful

## Text 4

Europe is not a gender-equality heaven. In particular, the corporate workplace will never be completely family—friendly until women are part of senior management decisions, and Europe’s top corporate-governance positions remain overwhelmingly male. Indeed, women hold only 14 percent of positions on Europe corporate boards.

1欧洲并非一个性别平等的天堂。2尤其是在公司，女性若不能参与高级管理层的决策，工作场所就永远不会是完全有利于家庭的地方，但欧洲高层管理职位中，男性仍然占主导地位。3的确，在欧洲公司的董事会中，女性所占比例只有14%。

The Europe Union is now considering legislation to compel corporate boards to maintain a certain proportion of women—up to 60 percent. This proposed mandate was born of frustration. Last year, Europe Commission Vice President Viviane Reding issued a call to voluntary action. Reding invited corporations to sign up for gender balance goal of 40 percent female board membership. But her appeal was considered a failure: only 24 companies took it up.

1欧盟目前正在考虑立法，以迫使公司董事会保有一定比例的女性—该比例高达60%。2这个强制性提议源于一次挫折。3去年，欧盟委员会副主席维维安•瑞丁呼吁发起一项自愿活动。4她邀请各企业签名支持性别均衡目标，以确保女性在董事会中占有40%的席位。5但她的呼吁被认为是失敗的:仅有24家公司接受其呼吁。

Do we need quotas to ensure that women can continue to climb the corporate Ladder fairy as they balance work and family?

要确保女性在平衡工作和家庭的同时，能够继续公平地攀登公司高层职位,我们真的需要限定比例吗?

“Personally, I don’t like quotas,” Reding said recently. “But I like what the quotas do.” Quotas get action: they “open the way to equality and they break through the glass ceiling,”according to Reding, a result seen in France and other countries with legally binding provisions on placing women in top business positions.

1“就我个人而言，我不喜欢限定比例，”瑞丁最近说。2“但是我喜欢限定比例所要达到的效果。”3根据瑞丁的观点，限定比例会产生作用:“它将打开通向性别平等的道路，并且打破(女性在职场中所遭遇的)瓶颈。”这在法国和其他国家已见成效，这些国家的法律对女性在企业高层的比例有明文规定。

I understand Reding’s reluctance and her frustration. I don’t like quotas either; they runcounter to my belief in meritocracy, government by the capable. But, when one considers the obstacles to achieving the meritocratic ideal, it does look as if a fairer world must be temporarily ordered.

1我理解瑞丁的不情愿-—也理解她的沮丧。2我也不喜欢制定配额;它有悖于我所信仰的精英管理理念，即能者居之。3但是，考虑到实现精英管理这一理想所面临的诸多障碍，似乎暂时还得借助于命令才能让世界更加公平。

After all, four decades of evidence has now shown that corporations in Europe as the US are evading the meritocratic hiring and promotion of women to top position— no matter how much“soft pressure” is put upon them. When women do break through to the summit of corporatepower--as, for example, Sheryl Sandberg recently did at Facebook—they attract massive attention precisely because they remain the exception to the rule.

1毕竟，四十年的证据已经表明，无论对他们实施怎样的“软压”措施，欧洲以及美国的企业都在规避精英选才，拒绝升迁女性到高层。2当女性真正突破(层层障碍)进入企业管理最高层时—例如，SherylSandberg最近在Facebook的成功—她们就会备受瞩目。这恰恰是因为她们仍然属于规则中的例外。

If appropriate pubic policies were in place to help all women---whether CEOs or theirchildren’s caregivers--and all families, Sandberg would be no more newsworthy than any other highly capable person living in a more just society.

如果存在适当的公共政策来帮助所有的女性—无论是CEO还是她们孩子的保姆—以及所有的家庭，那么在这样一个更公正的社会中，Sandberg相对于其他优秀人才来讲，也就没有什么新闻价值了。

\36. In the European corporate workplace, generally_____. [A] women take the lead
[B] men have the final say
[C] corporate governance is overwhelmed

[D] senior management is family-friendly



\37. The European Union’s intended legislation is ________.[A] a reflection of gender balance
[B] a reluctant choice
[C] a response to Reding’s call

[D] a voluntary action

\38. According to Reding, quotas may help women ______. [A] get top business positions
[B] see through the glass ceiling
[C] balance work and family

[D] anticipate legal results

\39. The author’s attitude toward Reding’s appeal is one of _________.[A] skepticism
[B] objectiveness
[C] indifference

[D] approval

\40. Women entering top management become headlines due to the lack of ______. [A] more social justice
[B] massive media attention
[C] suitable public policies

[D] greater “soft pressure”

Part B

Directions:
You are going to read a list of headings and a text. Choose the most suitable heading from the list A-F for each numbered paragraph (41-45).Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET1. (10 points)

[A] Live like a peasant
[B] Balance your diet
[C] Shopkeepers are your friends [D] Remember to treat yourself [E] Stick to what you need
[F] Planning is everything
[G] Waste not, want not

The hugely popular blog the Skint Foodie chronicles how Tony balances his love of good food with living on benefits. After bills, Tony has £60 a week to spend, £40 of which goes on food, but 10 years ago he was earning £130,000 a year working in corporate communications and eating at London's best restaurants at least twice a week. Then his marriage failed, his career burned out and his drinking became serious. "The community mental health team saved my life. And I felt like that again, to a certain degree, when people responded to the blog so well. It gave me the validation and confidence that I'd lost. But it's still a day-by-day thing." Now he's living in a council flat and fielding offers from literary agents. He's feeling positive, but he'll carry on blogging - not about eating as cheaply as you can - "there are so many people in a much worse state, with barely any money to spend on food" - but eating well on a budget. Here's his advice for economical foodies.

3之后，他遭遇婚姻失敗，事业破产，并开始酗酒。4“是社区的心理健康小组给了我第二次生命。5还有，看到我的博客反响很好，在某种程度上，也让我再次感到快乐。6它让我重新找到了往昔的自我价值和自信心。7但是日子仍然是要一天天过。”8现在，他住在政府的公租房里，打理着文稿经纪人的邀约。9他乐观积极，但他会继续撰写博客—不是关于想方设法吃便宜的东西(现在很多人的状况比他更糟糕，几乎没钱买食物而是如何在预算之内吃得好。下面是他对节俭食客们的建议。

41._____________________

Impulsive spending isn't an option, so plan your week's menu in advance, making shopping lists for your ingredients in their exact quantities. I have an Excel template for a week of breakfast, lunch and dinner. Stop laughing: it's not just cost effective but helps you balance your diet. It's also a good idea to shop daily instead of weekly, because, being human, you'll sometimes change your mind about what you fancy.

1冲动消费不是明智的选择，所以要提前计划每一周的菜单，列出待购清单，并标注出待购原料的精确数置。2我有一个Excel表格模板，记录着一周每天的早、午、晚餐。3别笑:这样做不仅节省开支而且帮助你平衡饮食。4每天购物而不是每周购物也是个好主意，因为人嘛，有时总会对想要什么改变自己的主意(总会改变自己的爱好)。

42________________________

This is where supermarkets and their anonymity come in handy. With them, there's not the same embarrassment as when buying one carrot in a little greengrocer. And if you plan properly, you'll know that you only need, say, 350g of shin of beef and six rashers of bacon, not whatever weight is pre-packed in the supermarket chiller.

1这就是在超市中匿名购物的方便之处。2如果在小菜贩那里买一个胡萝卜，会让人感到尴尬，但就超市来讲就不存在这个问题。3如果你计划得当，你就会清楚自己的精确所需，比如350克的牛胫骨和六片熏肉，而不是超市冰柜里预先包装好的重量。

43____________________________

You may proudly claim to only have frozen peas in the freezer - that's not good enough. Mine is filled with leftovers, bread, stock, meat and fish. Planning ahead should eliminate wastage, but if you have surplus vegetables you'll do a vegetable soup, and all fruits threatening to “go off” will be cooked or juiced.1也许你会自豪地说，你的冰箱里只有冷藏的豌豆—这还不够。2我的冰箱里塞满了剩饭、面包、备用品、肉和鱼。3提前计划应能消除浪费，但是如果你有多余的蔬菜，你可以做一份蔬菜汤，所有可能要“变质”的水果都可用来做菜或者榨汁。

44_______________________

Everyone says this, but it really is a top tip for frugal eaters. Shop at butchers, delis and fish-sellers regularly, even for small things, and be super friendly. Soon you'll feel comfortable asking if they've any knuckles of ham for soups and stews, or beef bones, chicken carcasses and fish heads for stock which, more often than not, they’ll let you have for free.

1每个人都这么讲，但它对节俭的食客来说的确是个绝妙的窍门。2定期光顾肉店，熟食店，还有鱼铺，哪怕是买小东西，要非常友好。3用不了多久，你就可以很自然地问他们是否有做汤和炖肉的猪肘，或者是留作以后使用的牛骨、鸡骨(骨架)和鱼头。多数情况下，他们都会免费给你的。

45______________________

You won't be eating out a lot, but save your pennies and once every few months treat yourself to a set lunch at a good restaurant —£1.75 a week for three months gives you £21 - more than enough for a three-course lunch at Michelin-starred Arbutus. It's £16.95 there - or £12.99 for a large pizza from Domino's: I know which I'd rather eat.

1你不会经常外出吃饭，而是省下钱(便士)来，每隔数月就犒劳一下自己，到一家好的餐厅吃一份套餐—每周省下1.75英镑，三个月就是21英镑—这足够你在米其林星级餐厅Arbutus吃一份三道菜的午餐。2在那里，这份套餐的价位是16.95英镑—或者花费12.99英镑到Domino比萨店点一大份比萨:我知道我钟爱哪一种。

## Section III Translation



I can pick a date from the past 53 years and know instantly where I was, what happened in the news and even the day of the week. I’ve been able to do this since I was 4.

I never feel overwhelmed with the amount of information my brain absorbs. My mind seems to be able to cope and the information is stored away neatly. When I think of a sad memory, I do what everybody does – try to put it to one side. I don't think it's harder for me just because my memory is clearer. Powerful memory doesn't make my emotions any more acute or vivid. I can recall the day my grandfather died and the sadness I felt when we went to the hospital the day before. I also remember that the musical play Hair opened on Broadway on the same day – they both just pop into my mind in the same way.

1从过去的53年里随便选出一个日子，我都能瞬间想起当时我在哪里，发生了什么新闻，甚至那天是周几。2自四岁起，我就具备了这种能力。1我从不会因为大脑吸收大量信息而感到难以承受。2我的大脑似乎能够从容应对这些信息并将它们储存得有理有条。3和别人一样，当我想起悲伤的往事时，我会努力将它抛在一边。4我并不觉得因为我的记忆更清晰，这么做就比别人更困难。5强大的记忆力并未使我的情感更加强烈或者更为鲜明。6我仍记得祖父去世那天的情景，还有前一天我们去医院看望他时所感到的悲伤。7此外，我也记得同一天音乐剧《毛发》在百老汇上演。这些都会以同样的方式跳入我的脑海



# 2014

## Section I Use of English

Thinner isn’t always better. A number of studies have __1__ that normal-weight people are in fact at higher risk of some diseases compared to those who are overweight. And there are health conditions for which being overweight is actually __2__. For example, heavier women are less likely to develop calcium deficiency than thin women. __3__ among the elderly, being somewhat overweight is often an __4__ of good health.

1痩并非总是好事。2一些研究已镘出结论:相对于超重的人来讲，体重正常的人事实上患某些疾病的风险更高。3对某些健康状况而言，超重实际是有保护作里的。4例如，体重较重的女性较之于身材痩削的女性更不容易缺钙。5同样，对年长者来说，略微超重往往是健康的拯志。

Of even greater __5__ is the fact that obesity turns out to be very difficult to define. It is often defined __6__ body mass index, or BMI. BMI __7__ body mass divided by the square of height. An adult with a BMI of 18 to 25 is often considered to be normal weight. Between 25 and 30 is overweight. And over 30 is considered obese. Obesity, __8__, can be divided into moderately obese, severely obese, and very severely obese.

1需要更加关注的事实是,肥胖其实是很难定义的。2它通常依据体重指数，即BMI来定义。3BMI等于体重除以身高的平方。4BMI处于18到25之间的成年人通常被认为是体重正常。5在25到30之间是超重。6而超过30则被视为是肥胖。7肥胖还能被依次分为适度肥胖、严重肥胖和极度肥胖。

While such numerical standards seem __9__, they are not. Obesity is probably less a matter of weight than body fat. Some people with a high BMI are in fact extremely fit, __10__ others with a low BMI may be in poor __11__. For example, many collegiate and professional football players __12__ as obese, though their percentage body fat is low. Conversely, someone with a small frame may have high body fat but a __13__ BMI.

1尽管这些数字标准看似简单明了，但实则不然。2肥胖很可能在更大程度上是身体脂肪的问题，而非体重问题。3有些人的BMI值很高，但实际却很健康;面有些人的BMI值较低，但却健康不佳。4例如，许多大学里的和职业的美式足球运动员符合肥胖特征，然而他们的身体脂肪比例却较低。5相反，某些骨架小的人有可能脂肪比例偏高，但其BMI却是正常的。

Today we have a (an) __14__ to label obesity as a disgrace. The overweight are sometimes __15__ in the media with their faces covered. Stereotypes __16__ with obesity include laziness, lack of will power, and lower prospects for success. Teachers, employers, and health professionals have been shown to harbor biases against the obese. __17__ very young children tend to look down on the overweight, and teasing about body build has long been a problem in schools.

1如今，我们倾向于将肥胖视为一件丢脸的事。2超重者有时被媒体登载的照拄脸部会被遮住。3与肥胖相关的固有成见包括懒惰、缺乏意志力以及成功的希望较小。4事实表明，教师、雇主和健康专业人士一直以来都对肥胖者抱有偏见。5甚至幼童往往也看不起超重者，讥笑别人的身材长期以来一直是校园里的问题。

Negative attitudes toward obesity, __18__ in health concerns, have stimulated a number of anti-obesity __19__. My own hospital system has banned sugary drinks from its facilities. Many employers have instituted weight loss and fitness initiatives. Michelle Obama launched a high-visibility campaign __20__ childhood obesity, even claiming that it represents our greatest national security threat.

1人们基于健康考虑，对肥胖产生了一些负面态度，这些态度推动了一些反肥胖政策的出台。2我本人所在的医疗系统已经禁止在其设施中存在含糖饮料。3许多雇主已经发起了减肥和健身活动的倡议。4MichelleObama(米歇尔•奥巴马)针对儿童肥胖也发起了一项知名度很高的运动，甚至声称儿童肥胖才是(代表)我们国家最大的安全威胁。

## Text 1

What would you do with $590m? This is now a question for Gloria Mackenzie, an 84-year-old widow who recently emerged from her small, tin-roofed house in Florida to collect the biggest undivided lottery jackpot in history. If she hopes her new-found fortune will yield lasting feelings of fulfillment, she could do worse than read “Happy Money" by Elizabeth Dumn and Michael Norton.

1倘若你有5.9亿美元，你会怎么花(应对)这笔钱呢?2Qc»iaMacKenzie这位84岁高龄的孤寡老妇人(寡妇)现在就遇到这样的问题，她最近离开了自己那座位于佛罗里达州的小铁皮屋(铁皮屋顶的房子)，要去领取她独中的美国历史上最大的彩票头奖。3如果她希望这笔意外之财产生持久的满足感，她最好读一读ElizabethDunn和MichaelNorton合著的《快乐消费》。

These two academics use an array of behavioral research to show that the most rewarding ways to spend money can be counterintuitive. Fantasies of great wealth often involve visions of fancy cars and extravagant homes. Yet satisfaction with these material purchases wears off fairly quickly. What was once exciting and new becomes old-hat; regret creeps in. It is far better to spend money on experiences, say Ms. Dumn and Mr. Norton, like interesting trips, unique meals or even going to the cinema. These purchases often become more valuable with time----as stories or memories----particularly if they involve feeling more connected to others.

1这两位学者通过一系列的行为研究证明，回报最丰厚的消费方式可能与人们的直觉刚好相反(反直觉的)。2对巨额财富的想象往往涉及名车和豪宅(的想象)。3然而，这些物质消费带来的满足感会很快消退。4曾经令人兴奋、令人新奇的商品会成为旧物，让人悔意渐生。5Dunn女士和Norton先生认为将钱花在体验上要有意义得多，比如说有趣的旅行、特色美食，甚至看场电影。6这些消费，犹如故事或回忆，会随着时间的流逝而愈加珍贵;如果这些消费能让你与他人的情感更为密切，则更为如此。

This slim volume is packed with tips to help wage slaves as well as lottery winners get the most “happiness bang for your buck.” It seems most people would be better off if they could shorten their commutes to work, spend more time with friends and family and less of it watching television ( something the average American spends a whopping two months a year doing, and is hardly jollier for it ) . Buying gifts or giving to charity is often more pleasurable than purchasing things for oneself, and luxuries are most enjoyable when they are consumed sparingly. This is apparently the reason MacDonald’s restricts the availability of its popular McRib一-a marketing trick that has turned the pork sandwich into an object of obsession.

1这本薄薄的书给出(装满)了种种诀窍，来帮助工薪阶层以及彩票中奖者“从消费中获取幸福最大化”。2对于大多数人来说，若能缩短上下班距离，花更多时间陪朋友和家人，少看会儿电视(一般美国人每年看电视的时间多达两个月，但他们并未由此而感到更快乐)，就会让他们更感幸福。3买礼物送人或向慈善机构捐款往往比给自己买东西更愉快;奢侈品在有节制地消费时，才会给人以最大的愉悦。4这显然是麦当劳限量出售其广受欢迎的烤汁猪排堡的原因—就是这么一个营销花招，把猪肉三明治变成了大家痴迷的对象。

Readers of "Happy Money" are clearly a privileged lot, anxious about fulfillment, not hunger. Money may not quite buy happiness, but people in wealthier countries are generally happier than those in poor ones. Yet the link between feeling good and spending money on others can be seen among rich and poor people around the world, and scarcity enhances the pleasure of most things for most people. Not everyone will agree with the authors’ policy ideas, which range from mandating more holiday time to reducing tax incentives for American homebuyers. But most people will come away from this book believing it was money well spent.

1《快乐消费》一书的读者显然是幸运的一群人，他们关心的是如何得到满足感，而非为糊口操心。2金钱未必能完全买到幸福，但比较富裕国家的人通常会比贫困国家的人幸福感要强。3然而，在全世界，无论富人还是穷人，都会看到这样一种关系:把钱消费在别人身上会给自己带来幸福感;此外，稀缺性会增加大多数人对大多数事物的幸福感受。4并非每个人都会赞同作者有关政策的种种建议，其中包括批准更多的休假时间以及减少对美国购房人的税收激励。5但是，大多数人读完(离开)这本书时，都会觉得它物有所值。

\21. According to Dumn and Norton , which of the following is the most rewarding purchase? [A] A big house.
 [B] A special tour.
 [C] A stylish car.

[D] A rich meal.

\22. The author’s attitude toward Americans’ watching TV is _____. [A] critical
 [B] supportive
 [C] sympathetic

[D] ambiguous

\23. MacRib is mentioned in Paragraph 3 to show that _____. [A] consumers are sometimes irrational
 [B] popularity usually comes after quality
 [C] marketing tricks are after effective

[D] rarity generally increases pleasure

\24. According to the last paragraph, Happy Money _____. [A] has left much room for readers’ criticism
 [B] may prove to be a worthwhile purchase
 [C] has predicted a wider income gap in the US

[D] may give its readers a sense of achievement

\25. This text mainly discusses how to _____.
 [A] balance feeling good and spending money
 [B] spend large sums of money won in lotteries
 [C] obtain lasting satisfaction from money spent
 [D] become more reasonable in spending on luxuries

## Text 2

An article in Scientific America has pointed out that empirical research says that, actually, you think you’re more beautiful than you are. We have a deep-seated need to feel good about ourselves and we naturally employ a number of self-enhancing strategies to achieve this. Social psychologists have amassed oceans of research into what they call the “above average effect,” or “illusory superiority,” and shown that, for example, 70% of us rate ourselves as above average in leadership, 93% in driving and 85% at getting on well with others—all obviously statistical impossibilities.

1《科学美国人》上的一篇文章指出，实验研究显示:实际上，你眼中的自己比真实的自己更美。2我们需要对自己感觉良好，而且这种需要根深蒂固，于是我们自然而然会采用一些自我提升的策略来实现这一目的。3社会心理学家对他们称之为的“高于均数效应”和“虚幻的优越感”实施了(积聚)大置研究，结果表明:例如，有70%的人评估自己在领导能力上高于平均水平，93%的人认为自己在驾驶技能方面高于平均水平，还有85%的人认为自己与他人融洽相处的能力高于平均水平—所有这些(自我评定)在统计学上显然都是不可能的。

We rose-tint our memories and put ourselves into self-affirming situations. We become defensive when criticized, and apply negative stereotypes to others to boost our own esteem. We stalk around thinking we’re hot stuff.

1我们会美化自己的记忆，将自己置于自我肯定的位置。2我们在受到批评时会自我防卫，并且用应用固有的负面成见看待他人，以提高我们的自尊心。3我们总是四处昂首阔步，认为自己能力非凡。

Psychologist and behavioral scientist Nicholas Epley oversaw a key studying into self-enhancement and attractiveness. Rather that have people simply rate their beauty compared with others, he asked them to identify an original photograph of themselves’ from a lineup including versions that had been altered to appear more and less attractive. Visual recognition, reads the study, is “an automatic psychological process occurring rapidly and intuitively with little or no apparent conscious deliberation.” If the subjects quickly chose a falsely flattering image— which most did-they genuinely believed it was really how they looked.

1心理学家和行为科学家NicholasEpley主导了一项针对自我提升和吸引力的重要研究。2他不是简单地让人们通过与他人比较来评价自己的容貌，而是要求他2014们从一组照片中甄别出自己那张原始的照片，这些不同版本的照片都已经过处理，有的看上去更美，有的则较以前难看。3该研究显示，视觉识别是“一个自动的心理过程，它会依靠直觉快速发生，几乎或者根本不存在明显有意识的考虑”。4如果这些研究对象很快挑选了一张讨人喜欢的假照片一一大多数人都会这样做一-他们是打心底里相信这就是自己真正的样子。

Epley found no significant gender difference in responses. Nor was there any evidence that, those who self-enhanced the most (that is, the participants who thought the most positively doctored pictures were real) were doing so to make up for profound insecurities. In fact those who thought that the images higher up the attractiveness scale were real directly corresponded with those who showed other makers for having higher self-esteem. “I don’t think the findings that we have are any evidence of personal delusion,” says Epley. “It’s a reflection simply of people generally thinking well of themselves.” If you are depressed, you won't be self-enhancing.

1Epley发现研究对象的反应没有任何明显的性别差异。2也没有任何证据表明那些自我提升程度最大的人(即那些认为修改得最漂亮的照片才是自己真照片的参与者)这样做是为了弥补自身强烈的不安全感。3事实上，那些认为吸引力程度更强的照片才是自己真实照片的人恰恰与那些在其他方面表现出更强自尊心迹象的人是一致的。4“我认为我们的这些发现并不能证明这是个人错觉，”Epley说。5“这只是反映了人们通常会自我感觉良好。”6如果你心情抑郁，你自然不会再自我提升。

Knowing the results of Epley’s study, it makes sense that why people hate photographs of themselves viscerally—on one level, they don’t even recognise the person in the picture as themselves. Facebook, therefore, is a self-enhancer’s paradise, where people can share only the most flattering photos, the cream of their wit, style, beauty, intellect and lifestyle. “It’s not that people’s profiles are dishonest,” says Catalina Toma of Wiscon-Madison University, “but they portray an idealized version of themselves.”

1了解了Epley的研究结果后，就可以理解为什么很多人会发自内心地反感自己的照片—从某种程度上来说，他们甚至不承认照片中的人是自己。2于是，Facebook成了自我提升者的天堂，(因为)在那里人们可以只分享最讨人喜欢的照片，内容涉及他们才智、品味、相貌、见地和生活方式的精华。3威斯康星大学一麦迪逊分校的CatalinaToma说，“这并不是说人们的个人资料不诚实，而是他们描绘出了一个自己的理想化版本。”

\26. According to the first paragraph, social psychologists have found that _____. [A] our self-ratings are unrealistically high
 [B] illusory superiority is baseless effect
 [C] our need for leadership is unnatural

[D] self-enhancing strategies are ineffective

\27. Visual recognition is believed to be people’s _____.
 [A] rapid watching [B] conscious choice
 [C] intuitive response [D] automatic self-defence

\28. Epley found that people with higher self-esteem tended to _____. [A] underestimate their insecurities
 [B] believe in their attractiveness
 [C] cover up their depressions

[D] oversimplify their illusions

\29. The word “viscerally” (Para. 5) is closest in meaning to _____. [A] instinctively [B] occasionally
 [C] particularly [D] aggressively

\30. It can be inferred that Facebook is self-enhancer’s paradise because people can _____. [A] present their dishonest profiles [B] define their traditional life styles
 [C] share their intellectual pursuits [D] withhold their unflattering sides

## Text 3

The concept of man versus machine is at least as old as the industrial revolution, but this phenomenon tends to be most acutely felt during economic downturns and fragile recoveries. And yet, it would be a mistake to think we are right now simply experiencing the painful side of a boom and bust cycle. Certain jobs have gone away for good, outmoded by machines. Since technology has such an insatiable appetite for eating up human jobs, this phenomenon will continue to restructure our economy in ways we can’t immediately foresee.

1人机对抗的概念至少可以追溯至工业革命时期，但在经济下滑、复苏乏力时，人们往往更能强烈地感受到这一现象的存在。2然而，那些认为我们当前正处于繁荣与萧条循环的痛苦阶段的想法并不正确。3某些工作因被机器淘汰，已永久地消失了。4由于技术对吞噬人类工作的欲望是无穷尽的，所以该现象将会继续以我们当前无法预见的方式重塑我们的经济结构。

When there is exponential improvement in the price and performance of technology, jobs that were once thought to be immune from automation suddenly become threatened. This argument has attracted a lot of attention, via the success of the book Race Against the Machine, by Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee, who both hail from MIT's Center for Digital Business.

1随着技术成本的快速下降、性能的日益提升，那些曾被认为对自动化具有免疫力的工作也突然受到威胁。2来自麻省理工学院数字经济中心的ErikBrynjolfsson和AndrewMcAfee合著有《与机器赛跑》一书，通过该书的热卖，上述观点已受到广泛关注。

This is a powerful argument, and a scary one. And yet, John Hagel, author of The Power of Pull and other books, says Brynjolfsson and McAfee miss the reason why these jobs are so vulnerable to technology in the first place.

1这是一个强有力的观点，同时也是一个让人惶恐的观点。2然而，著有《拉动力》及其他作品的JdinHagel则认为Brynjolfsson和McAfee忽略了这些工作在技术面前之所以脆弱的根本原因。

Hagel says we have designed jobs in the U. S. that tend to be “tightly scripted” and “highly standardized" ones that leave no room for “individual initiative or creativity.” In short, these are the types of jobs that machines can perform much better at than human beings. That is how we have put a giant target sign on the backs of American workers, Hagel says.

1Hagel说，在美国，我们已把工作设计成“严格照本宣科”和“高度标准化”的岗位，这使得个人根本没有自主创新空间。2简言之，这些工作是机器比人更擅长的工作类型。3这就是我们如何为美国工人贴上巨大的目标(靶子)标签的原因。

It’s time to reinvent the formula for how work is conducted, since we are still relying on a very 20th century notion of work, Hagel says. In our rapidly changing economy, we more than ever need people in the workplace who can take initiative and exercise their imagination “to respond to unexpected events.” That’s not something machines are good at. They are designed to perform very predictable activities.

1Hagel认为，我们现在已到彻底改进(做)工作方式的时候了，这是因为我们目前仍在依赖过去20世纪的工作理念。2在经济形势瞬息万变的今天，我们比以往更加需要那些在工作中能够采取主动并发挥想象力去“应对突发情况”的人。3这正是机器所不撞长的事情。4它们是被设计来执行那些完全可预测的事情的。

As Hagel notes, Brynjolfsson and McAfee indeed touched on this point in their book. We need to reframe race against the machine as race with the machine. In other words, we need to look at the ways in which machines can augment human labor rather than replace it. So then the problem is not really about technology, but rather, “how do we innovate our institutions and our work practices”?

1Hagel还指出，Brynjolfsson和McAfee在他们书中也确实提及了这一点。2我们需要把“与机器赛跑”重新表述为“与机器一起赛跑”。3换言之，我们需要看到机器提高人力的方面，而非取代人力。4由此可见，问题确实不在于技术，而是相反，在于“我们该如何改进工作制度及工作方式”。

\31. According to the first paragraph, economic downturns would _____. [A] ease the competition of man vs. machine
 [B] highlight machines' threat to human jobs
 [C] provoke a painful technological revolution

[D] outmode our current economic structure

\32. The authors of Race Against the Machine argue that _____. [A] technology is diminishing man’s job opportunities
 [B] automation is accelerating technological development
 [C] certain jobs will remain intact after automation

[D] man will finally win the race against machine

\33. Hagel argues that jobs in the U. S. are often _____. [A] performed by innovative minds
 [B] scripted with an individual style
 [C] standardized without a clear target

[D] designed against human creativity



\34. According to the last paragraph, Brynjolfsson and McAfee discussed _____. [A] the predictability of machine behavior in practice
 [B] the formula for how work is conducted efficiently
 [CJ the ways machines replace human labor in modern times

[D] the necessity of human involvement in the workplace

\35. Which of the following could be the most appropriate title for the text? [A] How to Innovate Our Work Practices
 [B] Machines Will Replace Human Labor
 [C] Can We Win the Race Against Machines

[D] Economic Downturns Stimulate Innovations

## Text 4

When the government talks about infrastructure contributing to the economy, the focus is usually on roads, railways, broadband and energy. Housing is seldom mentioned.

Why is that? To some extent the housing sector must shoulder the blame. We have not been good at communicating the real value that housing can contribute to economic growth. Then there is the scale of the typical housing project. It is hard to shove for attention among multibillion-pound infrastructure project, so it is inevitable that the attention is focused elsewhere. But perhaps the most significant reason is that the issue has always been so politically charged.

Nevertheless, the affordable housing situation is desperate. Waiting lists increase all the time and we are simply not building enough new homes.

The comprehensive spending review offers an opportunity for the government to help rectify this. It needs to put historical prejudices to one side and take some steps to address our urgent housing need.

There are some indications that it is preparing to do just that. The communities’ minister, Don Foster, has hinted that George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, may introduce more flexibility to the current cap on the amount that local authorities can borrow against their housing stock debt. Evidence shows that 60,000 extra new homes could be built over the next five years if the cap were lifted, increasing GDP by 0.6%.

Ministers should also look at creating greater certainty in the rental environment, which would have a significant impact on the ability of registered providers to fund new developments from revenues.

But it is not just down to the government. While these measures would be welcome in the short term, we must face up to the fact that the existing £4. 5bn programme of grants to fund new affordable housing, set to expire in 2015, is unlikely to be extended beyond then. The Labour party has recently announced that it will retain a large part of the coalition’s spending plans if returns to power. The housing sector needs to accept that we are very unlikely to ever return to era of large-scale public grants. We need to adjust to this changing climate.

\36. The author believes that the housing sector ____. [A] has attracted much attention
 [B] involves certain political factors
 [C] shoulders too much responsibility

[D] has lost its real value in economy

\37. It can be learned that affordable housing has____. [A] increased its home supply
 [B] offered spending opportunities
 [C] suffered government biases

[D] disappointed the government

\38. According to Paragraph 5, George Osborne may _____. [A] allow greater government debt for housing
 [B] stop local authorities from building homes
 [C] prepare to reduce housing stock debt

[D] release a lifted GDP growth forecast

\39. It can be inferred that a stable rental environment would _____. [A] lower the costs of registered providers
 [B] lessen the impact of government interference
 [C] contribute to funding new developments

[D] relieve the ministers of responsibilities

\40. The author believes that after 2015, the government may _____. [A] implement more policies to support housing
 [B] review the need for large-scale public grants
 [C] renew the affordable housing grants programme

[D] stop generous funding to the housing sector

## Part B

Uncommon Ground- Land Art in Britain

The term Land Art brings to mind epic interventions in the land such as Robert Smithson’s Spiral Jetty, 6,500 tons of basalt, earth and salt projecting into Utah’s Great Salt Lake, or Roden Crater, an extinct volcano in Arizona, which James Turrell has been transforming into an immense naked-eye observatory since 1979.

Richard Long’s A Line Made by Walking, however, involved nothing more strenuous than a 20-minute train ride from Waterloo. Having got off somewhere in suburbia, the artist walked backwards and forwards over a piece of grass until the squashed turf formed a line——a kind of drawing on the land.

Emerging in the late Sixties and reaching a peak in the Seventies, Land Art was one of a range of new forms, including Body Art, Performance Art, Action Art and Installation Art, which pushed art beyond the traditional confines of the studio and gallery. Rather than portraying

landscape, land artists used the physical substance of the land itself as their medium.
 The message of this survey of British land art——the most comprehensive to date——is that the British variant, typified by Long’s piece, was not only more domestically scaled, but a lot quirkier than its American counterpart. Indeed, while you might assume that an exhibition of Land Art would consist only of records of works rather than the works themselves, Long’s photograph

of his work is the work. Since his “action" is in the past, the photograph is its sole embodiment. That might seem rather an obscure point, but it sets the tone for an exhibition that contains a lot of black-and-white photographs and relatively few natural objects.

Long is Britain’s best-known Land Artist and his Stone Circle, a perfect ring of purplish rocks from Portishead beach laid out on the gallery floor, represents the elegant, rarefied side of the form. The Boyle Family, on the other hand, stand for its dirty, urban aspect. Comprising artists Mark Boyle and Joan Hills and their children, they recreated random sections of the British landscape on gallery walls. Their Olaf Street Study, a square of brick-strewn waste ground, is one of the few works here to embrace the mundanity that characterises most of our experience of the landscape most of the time.

Parks feature, particularly in the earlier works, such as John Hilliard’s very funny Across the Park, in which a long-haired stroller is variously smiled at by a pretty girl and unwittingly assaulted in a sequence of images that turn out to be different parts of the same photograph.

Generally, however, British land artists preferred lo get away from towns, gravitating towards landscapes that are traditionally considered beautiful such as the Lake District or the Wiltshire Downs. While it probably wasn’t apparent at the time, much of this work is permeated by a spirit of romantic escapism that the likes of Wordsworth would have readily understood. Derek Jarman’s yellow-tinted film Towards Avebury, a collection of long, mostly still shots of the Wilts hire landscape, evokes a tradition of English landscape painting stretching from Samuel Palmer to Paul Nash.

In the case of Hamish Fulton, you can’t help feeling that the Scottish artist has simply found a way of making his love of walking pay. A typical work, such as Seven Days, consists of a single beautiful black-and-white photograph taken on an epic walk, with the mileage and number of days taken listed beneath. British Land Art as shown in this well selected, but relatively modestly scaled exhibition wasn’t about imposing on the landscape, more a kind of landscape-orientated light conceptual art created passing through. It had its origins in the great outdoors, but their results were as gallery-bound as the paintings of Turner and Constable.

|                       | [A] originates from a long walk that the artist took         |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 41. Stone Circle      | [B] illustrates a kind of landscape-orientated light conceptual art |
| 42. Olaf Street Study | [C] reminds people of the English landscape painting tradition |
| 43. Across the Park   | [D] represents the elegance of the British land art          |
| 44. Towards Avebury   | [E] depicts the ordinary side of the British land art        |
| 45. Seven Days        | [F] embodies a romantic escape into the Scottish outdoors    |

|      | [G] contains images from different parts of the same photograph |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
|      |                                                              |

## Section III Translation

Section III Translation

Most people would define optimism as endlessly happy, with a glass that’s perpetually half full. But that’s exactly the kind of false cheerfulness that positive psychologists wouldn’t recommend. “Healthy optimism means being in touch with reality.” says Tai Ben-Shahar, a Harvard professor. According to Ben-Shahar, realistic optimists are those who make the best of things that happen, but not those who believe everything happens for the best.

Ben-Shahar uses three optimistic exercises. When he feels down—say, after giving a bad lecture—he grants himself permission to be human. He reminds himself that not every lecture can be a Nobel winner; some will be less effective than others. Next is reconstruction. He analyzes the weak lecture, learning lessons for the future about what works and what doesn't. Finally, there is perspective, which involves acknowledging that in the grand scheme of life, one lecture really doesn’t matter.

## Section IV Writing

\47. Directions:

Suppose you are going to study abroad and share an apartment with John, a local student. Write him an e-mail to

1. ○1  tell him about your living habits, and
2. ○2  ask for advice about living there.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
 Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead. Do not write the

address. (10 points)

\48. Directions ·

Write an essay based on the following chart. In your essay, you should 1 interpret the chart , and
 2 give your comments.
 You should write about 150 words on ANSWER SHEET 2. (15 points)

---



# 2015



## Section I Use of English

In our contemporary culture, the prospect of communicating with — or even looking at — a stranger is virtually unbearable. Everyone around us seems to agree by the way they cling to their phones, even without a __1__ on a subway.

1在我们的当代文化中，想到和陌生communicatingwith一orevenlookingat—astrangeris人交流-—甚至看一眼陌生人----几乎都是令人无法忍受的。2我们周围的每个人似乎都认同这一点，这从他们抓着手机不放即可看出来，即使在地铁上没有信号时也如此。

It’s a sad reality — our desire to avoid interacting with other human beings — because there’s __2__ to be gained from talking to the stranger standing by you. But you wouldn’t know it, __3__ into your phone. This universal protection sends the __4__: “Please don’t approach me.”

1我们想要避免和其他人交流是一个可悲的现实，因为与站在身边的陌生人交谈会使我们收获良多。但是你不会知道这些，因为你埋头土自己的手机。3这种普遍的自我防护姿态传递出这样的信息，请不要靠近我。

What is it that makes us feel we need to hide __5__ our screens?

1究竟是什么让我们觉得自己需要躲在手机屏幕的后面呢?

One answer is fear, according to Jon Wortmann, an executive mental coach. We fear rejection, or that our innocent social advances will be __6__ as “weird.” We fear we’ll be __7__. We fear we’ll be disruptive.

1根据高级心理培训师JonWortmann的观点，一个答案便是恐惧。2我们害怕被拒绝，或者担心自己单纯的社交示好行为被误读为是“行为怪异”。3我们害怕被人评判揣测。4我们担心会打扰他人。

Strangers are inherently __8__ to us, so we are more likely to feel __9__ when communicating with them compared with our friends and acquaintances. To avoid this uneasiness, we __10__ to our phones. “Phones become our security blanket,” Wortmann says. “They are our happy glasses that protect us from what we perceive is going to be more __11__.”陌生人对我们来讲本来就不熟悉，因此相较于朋友和熟人，我们在与他们交丨流时更可能感到售虚。2为避免这样的焦:虑，我们往往会转而求助手机。3“手机i成了我们的安乐毯，”Wortmann说。4:“它们就是我们快乐的保护镜，让我们远离我们觉得会更危险的事物。”

But once we rip off the bandaid, tuck our smartphones in our pockets and look up, it doesn’t __12__ so bad. In one 2011 experiment, behavioral scientists Nicholas Epley and Juliana Schroeder asked commuters to do the unthinkable: Start a __13__. They had Chicago train commuters talk to their fellow __14__. When Dr. Epley and Ms. Schroeder asked other people in the same train station to __15__ how they would feel after talking to a stranger, the commuters thought their __16__ would be more pleasant if they sat on their own,” The New York Times summarizes. Though the participants didn’t expect a positive experience, after they __17__ with the experiment, “not a single person reported having been embarrassed.”

1但是，一旦我们撕下(手机)这个创可贴，把我们的智能手机塞进兜里，抬起头，其实并没有那么痛苦。2在2011年的一个实验中，行为科学家NicholasEpley和JulianaSchroeder就让通勤者做了这样一件不可思议的事情:开始玄毯。3他们让乘火车前往芝加哥的通勤者与身旁乘客交谈。4“当Epley博士与Schroeder女士让同一车站的其他人预测他们与陌生人交谈后的感觉时，这些通勤者认为若他们一个人坐着旌塗应会更开心”，《纽约时报》如是总结道。5尽管参与者并没有期待获得积极的体验，但在他们完成这个实验后，“没有一个人说自己遇到尴尬”。

__18__, these commutes were reportedly more enjoyable compared with those without communication, which makes absolute sense, __19__ human beings thrive off of social connections. It's that __20__: Talking to strangers can make you feel connected.

据报道，这些通勤旅途相比那些没有交流的旅途事实上要更加愉快，这是非常合理的，因为人类是在社会关系的基础上发展进步的。2(其实)道理很简单:与陌生人交谈会让你感受到与社会的联系。

## Text1

A new study suggests that contrary to most surveys, people are actually more stressed at home than at work. Researchers measured people’s cortisol, which is a stress marker, while they were at work and while they were at home and found it higher at what is supposed to be a place of refuge.

“Further contradicting conventional wisdom, we found that women as well as men have lower levels of stress at work than at home,” writes one of the researchers, Sarah Damaske. In fact women even say they feel better at work, she notes. “It is men, not women, who report being happier at home than at work.” Another surprise is that the findings hold true for both those with children and without, but more so for nonparents. This is why people who work outside the home have better health.

What the study doesn’t measure is whether people are still doing work when they’re at home, whether it is household work or work brought home from the office. For many men, the end of the workday is a time to kick back. For women who stay home, they never get to leave the office. And for women who work outside the home, they often are playing catch-up-with-household tasks. With the blurring of roles, and the fact that the home front lags well behind the workplace in making adjustments for working women, it’s not surprising that women are more stressed at home.

But it’s not just a gender thing. At work, people pretty much know what they’re supposed to be doing: working, marking money, doing the tasks they have to do in order to draw an income. The bargain is very pure: Employee puts in hours of physical or mental labor and employee draws out life-sustaining moola.

On the home front, however, people have no such clarity. Rare is the household in which the division of labor is so clinically and methodically laid out. There are a lot of tasks to be done, there are inadequate rewards for most of them. Your home colleagues-your family-have no clear rewards for their labor; they need to be talked into it, or if they’re teenagers, threatened with

complete removal of all electronic devices. Plus, they’re your family. You cannot fire your family. You never really get to go home from home.

So it’s not surprising that people are more stressed at home. Not only are the tasks apparently infinite, the co-workers are much harder to motivate.

\21. According to Paragraph 1, most previous surveys found that home _____. [A] was an unrealistic place for relaxation
 [B] generated more stress than the workplace
 [C] was an ideal place for stress measurement

[D] offered greater relaxation than the workplace

\22. According to Damaske, who are likely to be the happiest at home? [A] Working mothers.
 [B] Childless husbands.
 [C] Childless wives.

[D] Working fathers.

\23. The blurring of working women's roles refers to the fact that _____. [A] they are both bread winners and housewives
 [B] their home is also a place for kicking back
 [C] there is often much housework left behind

[D] it is difficult for them to leave their office

\24. The word “ moola” (Line 4, Para. 4) most probably means _____. [A] energy
 [B] skills
 [C] earnings

[D] nutrition

\25. The home front differs from the workplace in that _____. [A] home is hardly a cozier working environment
 [B] division of labor at home is seldom clear-cut
 [C] household tasks are generally more motivating

[D] family labor is often adequately rewarded

## Text 2

For years，studies have found that first-generation college students – those who do not have a parent with a college degree – lag other students on a range of education achievement factors. Their grades are lower and their dropout rates are higher. But since such students are most likely to advance economically if they succeed in higher education, colleges and universities have pushed for decades to recruit more of them. This has created “a paradox” in that recruiting first-generation students, but then watching many of them fail, means that higher education has

“continued to reproduce and widen, rather than close” an achievement gap based on social class, according to the depressing beginning of a paper forthcoming in the journal Psychological Science.

But the article is actually quite optimistic, as it outlines a potential solution to this problem, suggesting that an approach (which involves a one-hour, next-to-no-cost program) can close 63 percent of the achievement gap (measured by such factors as grades) between first-generation and other students.

The authors of the paper are from different universities, and their findings are based on a study involving 147 students (who completed the project) at an unnamed private university. First generation was defined as not having a parent with a four-year college degree. Most of the first-generation students (59.1 percent) were recipients of Pell Grants, a federal grant for undergraduates with financial need, while this was true only for 8.6 percent of the students with at least one parent with a four-year degree.

Their thesis – that a relatively modest intervention could have a big impact – was based on the view that first-generation students may be most lacking not in potential but in practical knowledge about how to deal with the issues that face most college students. They cite past research by several authors to show that this is the gap that must be narrowed to close the achievement gap.

Many first-generation students “struggle to navigate the middle-class culture of higher education, learn the ‘rules of the game,’ and take advantage of college resources,” they write. And this becomes more of a problem when colleges don’t talk about the class advantages and disadvantages of different groups of students. Because US colleges and universities seldom acknowledge how social class can affect students’ educational experience, many first-generation students lack sight about why they are struggling and do not understand how students like them can improve.

\26. Recruiting more first-generation students has _____. [A] reduced their dropout rates
 [B] narrowed the achievement gap
 [C] missed its original purpose

[D] depressed college students

\27. The authors of the research article are optimistic because _____. [A] the problem is solvable
 [B] their approach is costless
 [C] the recruiting rate has increased

[D] their finding appeal to students

\28. The study suggests that most first-generation students _____. [A] study at private universities
 [B] are from single-parent families
 [C] are in need of financial support

[D] have failed their college

\29. The authors of the paper believe that first-generation students _____. [A] are actually indifferent to the achievement gap
 [B] can have a potential influence on other students
 [C] may lack opportunities to apply for research projects

[D] are inexperienced in handing their issues at college

\30. We may infer from the last paragraph that _____.
 [A] universities often reject the culture of the middle-class [B] students are usually to blame for their lack of resources [C] social class greatly helps enrich educational experiences [D] colleges are partly responsible for the problem in question

## Text 3

Even in traditional offices, “the lingua franca of corporate America has gotten much more emotional and much more right-brained than it was 20 years ago,” said Harvard Business School professor Nancy Koehn. She started spinning off examples. “If you and I parachuted back to Fortune 500 companies in 1990, we would see much less frequent use of terms like journey, mission, passion. There were goals, there were strategies, there were objectives, but we didn’t talk about energy; we didn’t talk about passion.”

Koehn pointed out that this new era of corporate vocabulary is very “team”-oriented — and not by coincidence. “Let’s not forget sports — in male-dominated corporate America, it’s still a big deal. It’s not explicitly conscious; it’s the idea that I’m a coach, and you’re my team, and we’re in this together. There are lots and lots of CEOs in very different companies, but most think of themselves as coaches and this is their team and they want to win.”

These terms are also intended to infuse work with meaning — and, as Khurana points out, increase allegiance to the firm. “You have the importation of terminology that historically used to be associated with non-profit organizations and religious organizations: terms like vision, values, passion, and purpose,” said Khurana.

This new focus on personal fulfillment can help keep employees motivated amid increasingly loud debates over work-life balance. The “mommy wars” of the 1990s are still going on today, prompting arguments about why women still can’t have it all and books like Sheryl Sandberg’s Lean In, whose title has become a buzzword in its own right. Terms like unplug, offline, life-hack, bandwidth, and capacity are all about setting boundaries between the office and the home. But if your work is your “passion,” you’ll be more likely to devote yourself to it, even if that means going home for dinner and then working long after the kids are in bed.

But this seems to be the irony of office speak: Everyone makes fun of it, but managers love it, companies depend on it, and regular people willingly absorb it. As Nunberg once said, “You can get people to think it’s nonsense at the same time that you buy into it.” In a workplace that’s fundamentally indifferent to your life and its meaning, office speak can help you figure out how you relate to your work — and how your work defines who you are.

\31. According to Nancy Koehn, office language has become ______. [A] more emotional [B] more objective [C] less energetic [D] less strategic

1. “Team”-oriented corporate vocabulary is closely related to ______. [A] historical incidents [B] gender difference [C] sports culture [D] athletic executives
2. Khurana believes that the importation of terminology aims to ______.

[A] revive historical terms
 [C] foster corporate cooperation

\34. It can be inferred that Lean In ______. [A] voices for working women
 [B] appeals to passionate workaholics [C] triggers debates among mommies [D] praises motivated employees

[B] promote company image [D] strengthen employee loyalty

\35. Which of the following statements is true about office speak? [A] Managers admire it but avoid it.
 [B] Linguists believe it to be nonsense.
 [C] Companies find it to be fundamental.

[D] Regular people mock it but accept it.

## Text 4

Many people talked of the 288,000 new jobs the Labor Department reported for June, along with the drop in the unemployment rate to 6.1 percent, as good news. And they were right. For now it appears the economy is creating jobs at a decent pace. We still have a long way to go to get back to full employment, but at least we are now finally moving forward at a faster pace.

However, there is another important part of the jobs picture that was largely overlooked. There was a big jump in the number of people who report voluntarily working part-time. This figure is now 830,000 (4.4 percent) above its year ago level.

Before explaining the connection to the Obamacare, it is worth making an important distinction. Many people who work part-time jobs actually want full-time jobs. They take part-time work because this is all they can get. An increase in involuntary part-time work is evidence of weakness in the labor market and it means that many people will be having a very hard time making ends meet.

There was an increase in involuntary part-time in June, but the general direction has been down. Involuntary part-time employment is still far higher than before the recession, but it is down by 640,000 (7.9 percent) from its year ago level.

We know the difference between voluntary and involuntary part-time employment because people tell us. The survey used by the Labor Department asks people if they worked less than 35 hours in the reference week. If the answer is “yes”, they are classified as working part-time. The survey asks whether they worked less than 35 hours in that week because they wanted to work less than full time or because they had no choice .They are only classified as voluntary part-time workers if they tell the survey taker they chose to work less than 35 hours a week.

The issue of voluntary part-time relates to Obamacare because one of the main purposes was to allow people to get insurance outside of employment. For many people, especially those with serious health conditions or family members with serious health conditions, before Obamacare the only way to get insurance was through a job that provided health insurance.

However, Obamacare has allowed more than 12 million people to either get insurance through Medicaid or the exchanges. These are people who may previously have felt the need to get a full-time job that provided insurance in order to cover themselves and their families. With Obamacare there is no longer a link between employment and insurance.

\36. Which part of the jobs picture was neglected? [A] The prospect of a thriving job market.
 [B] The increase of voluntary part-time market. [C] The possibility of full employment.

[D] The acceleration of job creation.

\37. Many people work part-time because they _____. [A] prefer part-time jobs to full-time jobs
 [B] feel that is enough to make ends meet
 [C] cannot get their hands on full-time jobs

[D] haven’t seen the weakness of the market

\38. Involuntary part-time employment in the US_____. [A] is harder to acquire than one year ago
 [B] shows a general tendency of decline
 [C] satisfies the real need of the jobless

[D] is lower than before the recession.

\39. It can be learned that with Obamacare, _____.
 [A] it is no longer easy for part-timers to get insurance
 [B] employment is no longer a precondition to get insurance [C] it is still challenging to get insurance for family members [D] full-time employment is still essential for insurance

\40. The text mainly discusses _____. [A] employment in the US
 [B] part-timer classification
 [C] insurance through Medicaid

[D] Obamacare’s trouble

## Part B

[A] You are not alone
 [B] Don’t fear responsibility for your life [C] Pave your own unique path
 [D] Most of your fears are unreal
 [E] Think about the present moment
 [F] Experience helps you grow
 [G] There are many things to be grateful for

Some Old Truths to Help You Overcome Tough Times

Unfortunately, life is not a bed of roses. We are going through life facing sad experiences. Moreover, we are grieving various kinds of loss: a friendship, a romantic relationship or a house. Hard times may hold you down at what usually seems like the most inopportune time, but you should remember that they won't last forever.

When our time of mourning is over, we press forward, stronger with a greater understanding and respect for life. Furthermore, these losses make us mature and eventually move us toward future opportunities for growth and happiness. I want to share these old truths I’ve learned along the way.

\41. ____________

Fear is both useful and harmful. This normal human reaction is used to protect us by signaling danger and preparing us to deal with it. Unfortunately, people create inner barriers with a help of exaggerating fears. My favorite actor Will Smith once said, “Fear is not real. It is a product of thoughts you create. Do not misunderstand me. Danger is very real. But fear is a choice.” I do completely agree that fears are just the product of our luxuriant imagination.

\42. _____________

If you are surrounded by problems and cannot stop thinking about the past, try to focus on the present moment. Many of us are weighed down by the past or anxious about the future. You may feel guilt over your past, but you are poisoning the present with the things and circumstances you cannot change. Value the present moment and remember how fortunate you are to be alive. Enjoy the beauty of the world around and keep the eyes open to see the possibilities before you. Happiness is not a point of future and not a moment from the past, but a mindset that can be designed into the present.

\43. __________________

Sometimes it is easy to feel bad because you are going through tough times. You can be easily caught up by life problems that you forget to pause and appreciate the things you have. Only strong people prefer to smile and value their life instead of crying and complaining about something.

\44. _______________

No matter how isolated you might feel and how serious the situation is, you should always remember that you are not alone. Try to keep in mind that almost everyone respects and wants to help you if you are trying to make a good change in your life, especially your dearest and nearest people. You may have a circle of friends who provide constant good humor, help and companionship. If you have no friends or relatives, try to participate in several online communities, full of people who are always willing to share advice and encouragement.

\45. ___________________

Today many people find it difficult to trust their own opinion and seek balance by gaining objectivity from external sources. This way you devalue your opinion and show that you are incapable of managing your own life. When you are struggling to achieve something important you should believe in yourself and be sure that your decision is the best. You live in your skin, think your own thoughts, have your own values and make your own choices.

## Section III Translation

Think about driving a route that’s very familiar. It could be your commute to work, a trip into town or the way home. Whichever it is, you know every twist and turn like the back of your hand. On these sorts of trips it’s easy to zone out from the actual driving and pay little attention to the passing scenery. The consequence is that you perceive that the trip has taken less time than it actually has.

This is the well-travelled road effect: People tend to underestimate the time it takes to travel a familiar route.

The effect is caused by the way we allocate our attention. When we travel down a well-known route, because we don’t have to concentrate much, time seems to flow more quickly. And afterwards, when we come to think back on it, we can’t remember the journey well because we didn’t pay much attention to it. So we assume it was shorter.

## Section IV Writing

\47. Directions:

Suppose your university is going to host a summer camp for high school students. Write a notice to
 1) briefly introduce the camp activities, and
 2) call for volunteers.

You should write about 100 words on the ANSERE SHEET. Do not use your name or the name of your university.
 Do not write your address. (10 points)

\48. Directions:

Write an essay based on the following chart. In your writing, you should 1) interpret the chart, and
 2) give your comments
 You should write about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET. (15 points)



---

# 2016



## Section I Use of English

Happy people work differently. They’re more productive, more creative, and willing to take greater risks. And new research suggests that happiness might influence __1__ firms work, too.

Companies located in place with happier people invest more, according to a recent research paper. __2__, firms in happy places spend more on R&D (research and development). That’s because happiness is linked to the kind of longer-term thinking __3__ for making investments for the future.

The researchers wanted to know if the __4__ and inclination for risk-taking that come with happiness would __5__ the way companies invested. So they compared U.S. cities’ average happiness __6__ by Gallup polling with the investment activity of publicly traded firms in those areas.

__7__ enough, firms’ investment and R&D intensity were correlated with the happiness of the area in which they were __8__. But is it really happiness that’s linked to investment, or could something else about happier cities __9__ why firms there spend more on R&D? To find out, the researchers controlled for various __10__ that might make firms more likely to invest like size, industry, and sales – and for indicators that a place was __11__ to live in, like growth in wages or population. The link between happiness and investment generally __12__ even after accounting for these things.

The correlation between happiness and investment was particularly strong for younger firms, which the authors __13__ to “less confined decision making process” and the possible presence of “younger and less __14__ managers who are more likely to be influenced by sentiment.” The relationship was __15__ stronger in places where happiness was spread more __16__. Firms seem to invest more in places where most people are relatively happy, rather than in places with happiness inequality.

__17__ this doesn’t prove that happiness causes firms to invest more or to take a longer-term view, the authors believe it at least __18__ at that possibility. It’s not hard to imagine that local culture and sentiment would help __19__ how executives think about the future. “It surely seems plausible that happy people would be more forward-thinking and creative and __20__ R&D more than the average,” said one researcher.



## Text 1

It’s true that high-school coding classes aren’t essential for learning computer science in college. Students without experience can catch up after a few introductory courses, said Tom Cortina, the assistant dean at Carnegie Mellon’s School of Computer Science.

However, Cortina said, early exposure is beneficial. When younger kids learn computer science, they learn that it’s not just a confusing, endless string of letters and numbers — but a tool to build apps, or create artwork, or test hypotheses. It’s not as hard for them to transform their thought processes as it is for older students. Breaking down problems into bite-sized chunks and using code to solve them becomes normal. Giving more children this training could increase the number of people interested in the field and help fill the jobs gap, Cortina said.

Students also benefit from learning something about coding before they get to college, where introductory computer-science classes are packed to the brim, which can drive the less-experienced or -determined students away.

The Flatiron School, where people pay to learn programming, started as one of the many coding bootcamps that’s become popular for adults looking for a career change. The high-schoolers get the same curriculum, but “we try to gear lessons toward things they’re interested in,” said Victoria Friedman, an instructor. For instance, one of the apps the students are developing suggests movies based on your mood.

The students in the Flatiron class probably won’t drop out of high school and build the next Facebook. Programming languages have a quick turnover, so the “Ruby on Rails” language they learned may not even be relevant by the time they enter the job market. But the skills they learn — how to think logically through a problem and organize the results — apply to any coding language

said Deborah Seehorn, an education consultant for the state of North Carolina.
 Indeed, the Flatiron students might not go into IT at all. But creating a future army of coders is not the sole purpose of the classes. These kids are going to be surrounded by computers — in their pockets, in their offices, in their homes — for the rest of their lives. The younger they learn how computers think, how to coax the machine into producing what they want — the earlier they

learn that they have the power to do that — the better.

\21. Cortina holds that early exposure to computer science makes it easier to ______. [A] complete future job training [B] remodel the way of thinking [C] formulate logical hypotheses [D] perfect artwork production

\22. In delivering lessons for high-schoolers, Flatiron has considered their ______. [A] experience [B] academic backgrounds
 [C] career prospects [D] interest

\23. Deborah Seehorn believes that the skills learned at Flatiron will ______. [A] help students learn other computer languages
 [B] have to be upgraded when new technologies come
 [C] need improving when students look for jobs

[D] enable students to make big quick money

\24. According to the last paragraph, Flatiron students are expected to ______. [A] compete with a future army of programmers
 [B] stay longer in the information technology industry
 [C] become better prepared for the digitalized world

[D] bring forth innovative computer technologies

\25. The word “coax” (Para.6) is closest in meaning to ______.
 [A] challenge [B] persuade [C] frighten [D] misguide

## Text 2

Biologists estimate that as many as 2 million lesser prairie chickens — a kind of bird living on stretching grasslands — once lent red to the often grey landscape of the midwestern and southwestern United States. But just some 22,000 birds remain today, occupying about 16% of the species’ historic range.

The crash was a major reason the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) decided to formally list the bird as threatened. “The lesser prairie chicken is in a desperate situation,” said USFWS Director Daniel Ashe. Some environmentalists, however, were disappointed. They had pushed the agency to designate the bird as “endangered,” a status that gives federal officials greater regulatory power to crack down on threats. But Ashe and others argued that the “threatened” tag gave the federal government flexibility to try out new, potentially less confrontational conservations approaches. In particular, they called for forging closer collaborations with western state governments, which are often uneasy with federal action, and with the private landowners who control an estimated 95% of the prairie chicken’s habitat.

Under the plan, for example, the agency said it would not prosecute landowner or businesses that unintentionally kill, harm, or disturb the bird, as long as they had signed a range-wide management plan to restore prairie chicken habitat. Negotiated by USFWS and the states, the plan requires individuals and businesses that damage habitat as part of their operations to pay into a fund to replace every acre destroyed with 2 new acres of suitable habitat. The fund will also be used to compensate landowners who set aside habitat. USFWS also set an interim goal of restoring prairie chicken populations to an annual average of 67,000 birds over the next 10 years. And it gives the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies (WAFWA), a coalition of state agencies, the job of monitoring progress. Overall, the idea is to let “states” remain in the driver’s seat for managing the species,” Ashe said.

Not everyone buys the win-win rhetoric. Some Congress members are trying to block the plan, and at least a dozen industry groups, four states, and three environmental groups are challenging it in federal court. Not surprisingly, industry groups and states generally argue it goes too far, environmentalists say it doesn’t go far enough. “The federal government is giving responsibility for managing the bird to the same industries that are pushing it to extinction,” says biologist Jay Lininger.

\26. The major reason for listing the lesser prairie as threatened is ______. [A] its drastically decreased population
 [B] the underestimate of the grassland acreage
 [C] a desperate appeal from some biologists

[D] the insistence of private landowners

\27. The “threatened” tag disappointed some environmentalists in that it ______. [A] was a give-in to governmental pressure
 [B] would involve fewer agencies in action
 [C] granted less federal regulatory power

[D] went against conservation policies

\28. It can be learned from Paragraph 3 that unintentional harm-doers will not be prosecuted if they ______.
 [A] agree to pay a sum for compensation
 [B] volunteer to set up an equally big habitat

[C] offer to support the WAFWA monitoring job [D] promise to raise funds for USFWS operations

\29. According to Ashe, the leading role in managing the species is ______. [A] the federal government [B] the wildlife agencies [C] the landowners [D] the states

\30. Jay Lininger would most likely support ______.
 [A] industry groups [B] the win-win rhetoric
 [C] environmental groups [D] the plan under challenge



## Text 3

That everyone’s too busy these days is a cliché. But one specific complaint is made especially mournfully: There’s never any time to read.

What makes the problem thornier is that the usual time-management techniques don’t seem sufficient. The web’s full of articles offering tips on making time to read: “Give up TV” or “Carry a book with you at all times.” But in my experience, using such methods to free up the odd 30 minutes doesn’t work. Sit down to read and the flywheel of work-related thoughts keeps spinning — or else you’re so exhausted that a challenging book’s the last thing you need. The modern mind, Tim Parks, a novelist and critic, writes, “is overwhelmingly inclined toward communication... It is not simply that one is interrupted; it is that one is actually inclined to interruption.” Deep reading requires not just time, but a special kind of time which can’t be obtained merely by becoming more efficient.

In fact, “becoming more efficient” is part of the problem. Thinking of time as a resource to be maximised means you approach it instrumentally, judging any given moment as well spent only in so far as it advances progress toward some goal. Immersive reading, by contrast, depends on being willing to risk inefficiency, goallessness, even time-wasting. Try to slot it as a to-do list item and you’ll manage only goal-focused reading — useful, sometimes, but not the most fulfilling kind. “The future comes at us like empty bottles along an unstoppable and nearly infinite conveyor belt,” writes Gary Eberle in his book Sacred Time, and “we feel a pressure to fill these different-sized bottles (days, hours, minutes) as they pass, for if they get by without being filled, we will have wasted them.” No mind-set could be worse for losing yourself in a book.

So what does work? Perhaps surprisingly, scheduling regular times for reading. You’d think this might fuel the efficiency mind-set, but in fact, Eberle notes, such ritualistic behaviour helps us “step outside time’s flow” into “soul time.” You could limit distractions by reading only physical books, or on single-purpose e-readers. “Carry a book with you at all times” can actually work, too — providing you dip in often enough, so that reading becomes the default state from which you temporarily surface to take care of business, before dropping back down. On a really good day, it no longer feels as if you’re “making time to read,” but just reading, and making time for everything else.

\31. The usual time-management techniques don’t work because ______. [A] what they can offer does not ease the modern mind
 [B] what challenging books demand is repetitive reading
 [C] what people often forget is carrying a book with them

[D] what deep reading requires cannot be guaranteed

\32. The “empty bottles” metaphor illustrates that people feel a pressure to ______. [A] update their to-do lists [B] make passing time fulfilling [C] carry their plans through [D] pursue carefree reading

\33. Eberle would agree that scheduling regular times for reading helps ______.
 [A] encourage the efficiency mind-set [B] develop online reading habits [C] promote ritualistic reading [D] achieve immersive reading

\34. “Carry a book with you at all times” can work if ______. [A] reading becomes your primary business of the day
 [B] all the daily business has been promptly dealt with
 [C] you are able to drop back to business after reading

[D] time can be evenly split for reading and business

\35. The best title for this text could be ______.
 [A] How to Enjoy Easy Reading [B] How to Find Time to Read [C] How to Set Reading Goals [D] How to Read Extensively

## Text 4

Against a backdrop of drastic changes in economy and population structure, younger Americans are drawing a new 21st-century road map to success, a latest poll has found.

Across generational lines, Americans continue to prize many of the same traditional milestones of a successful life, including getting married, having children, owning a home, and retiring in their sixties. But while young and old mostly agree on what constitutes the finish line of a fulfilling life, they offer strikingly different paths for reaching it.

Young people who are still getting started in life were more likely than older adults to prioritize personal fulfillment in their work, to believe they will advance their careers most by regularly changing jobs, to favor communities with more public services and a faster pace of life, to agree that couples should be financially secure before getting married or having children, and to maintain that children are best served by two parents working outside the home, the survey found.

From career to community and family, these contrasts suggest that in the aftermath of the searing Great Recession, those just starting out in life are defining priorities and expectations that will increasingly spread through virtually all aspects of American life, from consumer preferences to housing patterns to politics.

Young and old converge on one key point: Overwhelming majorities of both groups said they believe it is harder for young people today to get started in life than it was for earlier generations. While younger people are somewhat more optimistic than their elders about the prospects for those starting out today, big majorities in both groups believe those “just getting started in life” face a tougher climb than earlier generations in reaching such signpost achievements as securing a good-paying job, starting a family, managing debt, and finding affordable housing.

Pete Schneider considers the climb tougher today. Schneider, a 27-year-old auto technician from the Chicago suburbs, says he struggled to find a job after graduating from college. Even now that he is working steadily, he said, “I can’t afford to pay my monthly mortgage payments on my own, so I have to rent rooms out to people to make that happen.” Looking back, he is struck that his parents could provide a comfortable life for their children even though neither had completed college when he was young. “I still grew up in an upper middle-class home with parents who didn’t have college degrees,” Schneider said. “I don’t think people are capable of that anymore.”

\36. One cross-generation mark of a successful life is ______. [A] trying out different lifestyles
 [B] having a family with children
 [C] working beyond retirement age

[D] setting up a profitable business

\37. It can be learned from Paragraph 3 that young people tend to ______. [A] favor a slower life pace
 [B] hold an occupation longer
 [C] attach importance to pre-marital finance

[D] give priority to childcare outside the home

\38. The priorities and expectations defined by the young will ______. [A] become increasingly clear
 [B] focus on materialistic issues
 [C] depend largely on political preferences

[D] reach almost all aspects of American life

\39. Both young and old agree that ______. [A] good-paying jobs are less available
 [B] the old made more life achievements
 [C] housing loans today are easy to obtain [D] getting established is harder for the young

\40. Which of the following is true about Schneider?
 [A] He found a dream job after graduating from college.
 [B] His parents believe working steadily is a must for success. [C] His parents’ good life has little to do with a college degree. [D] He thinks his job as a technician quite challenging.

## Part B

1. [1]  Be silly

2. [2]  Have fun

3. [3]  Ask for help

4. [4]  Express your emotions

5. [5]  Don’t overthink it

6. [6]  Be easily pleased

7. [7]  Notice things

   As adults, it seems that we’re constantly pursuing happiness, often with mixed results. Yet

children appear to have it down to an art-and for the most part they don’t need self-help books or therapy. Instead, they look after their wellbeing instinctively, and usually more effectively than we

do as grownups. Perhaps it’s time to learn a few lessons from them.
 \41. _____________
 What does a child do when he's sad? He cries. When he’s angry? He shouts. Scared?

Probably a bit of both. As we grow up, we learn to control our emotions so they are manageable and don’t dictate our behaviours, which is in many ways a good thing. But too often we take this process too far and end up suppressing emotions, especially negative ones. That’s about as effective as brushing dirt under a carpet and can even make us ill. What we need to do is find a way to acknowledge and express what we feel appropriately, and then——again, like children——move on.

\42. _____________

A couple of Christmases ago, my youngest stepdaughter, who was 9 years old at the time, got a Superman T-shirt for Christmas. It cost less than a fiver but she was overjoyed, and couldn’t stop talking about it. Too often we believe that a new job, bigger house or better car will he the magic silver bullet that will allow us to finally be content, but the reality is these things have little lasting impact on our happiness levels. Instead, being grateful for small things every day is a much better way to improve wellbeing.

\43. ______________

Have you ever noticed how much children laugh? If we adults could indulge in a bit of silliness and giggling, we would reduce the stress hormones in our bodies, increase good hormones like endorphins, improve blood flow to our hearts and even have a greater chance of fighting off infection. All of which would, of course, have a positive effect on our happiness levels.

\44. ___________

The problem with being a grownup is that there’s an awful lot of serious stuff to deal with- work, mortgage payments, figuring out what to cook for dinner. But as adults we also have the luxury of being able to control our own diaries and it’s important that we schedule in time to enjoy the things we love. Those things might be social, sporting, creative or completely random (dancing around the living room, anyone?) -it doesn't matter, so long as they’re enjoyable, and not likely to have negative side effects, such as drinking too much alcohol or going on a wild spending spree if you’re on a tight budget.

\45. __________

Having said all of the above, it’s important to add that we shouldn’t try too hard to be happy. Scientists tell us this can backfire and actually have a negative impact on our wellbeing. As the Chinese philosopher Chuang Tzu is reported to have said: “Happiness is the absence of striving for happiness.” And in that, once more, we need to look to the example of our children, to whom happiness is not a goal but a natural byproduct of the way they live.

## Section III Translation

The supermarket is designed to lure customers into spending as much time as possible within its doors. The reason for this is simple: The longer you stay in the store, the more stuff you'll see,and the more stuff you see, the more you'll buy. And supermarkets contain a lot of stuff. The average supermarket, according to the Food Marketing Institute, carries some 44,000 different items, and many carry tens of thousands more. The sheer volume of available choice is enough to send shoppers into a state of information overload. According to brain-scan experiments, the demands of so much decision-making quickly become too much for us. After about 40 minutes of shopping, most people stop struggling to be rationally selective, and instead begin shopping emotionally - which is the point at which we accumulate the 50 percent of stuff in our cart that we never intended buying.

## Section IV Writing

\47. Directions:

Suppose you won a translation contest and your friend, Jack, wrote an email to congratulate you, and ask advice on translation. Write him a reply to
 1) thank him, and
 2) give your advice.

You should write about 100 words on the ANWSER SHEET.
 Do not sign you own name at the end of the letter, use “Li Ming” instead. Do not write the address. (10 point)

\48. Directions:

Write an essay based on the following chart. In your writing, you should 1) interpret the chart, and
 2) give your comments.
 You should write about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET. (15 points)